Cardi B is my spirit animal. I go to sleep every night with a Kanye West album to absorb GENIUS, and I want to tattoo MOFFIT across my chest to mark my struggles I've faced at Cal. I'm on web browsers like 80% of the day and even more so in class looking at food blogs, viral videos, social media, and por... portfolios of art, so I'd be an ideal candidate.	Living in the Bay Area you are constantly surrounded by tech and tech influenced services and products, so to be able to gain the base knowledge of creating content would be beneficial for any future business ventures. Plus my mom is hella Asian and learning this shit would make her regain her faith in me after telling her I was a media studies major.  	Changing the color palettes of Myspace profiles.  
I struggle to just “tell you about myself,” but here’s some things about me. I’m intending to be a physics or computer science major, I’m not sure which yet. I’m from Irvine, California, which means I have an extensive familiarity with Korean food. I spend all of my money on clothes and still dress the same everyday: a solid-color sweater, jeans, and my $30 shoes from Muji (until they upped the price). I play chess badly and drink a lot of coffee. I like physics a lot. General Relativity is a fascination of mine, and I eagerly (and perhaps anxiously) await the day I can take Physics 139 so I can actually learn the math behind it. If I had to use one word to describe me, it would be “balanced.” I try to balance my life in many ways. Art and hard science, academics and hobbies (this one is heavily skewed towards academics), meats and vegetables. I used to dedicate myself to single things at a time, focusing all my efforts on it. I still do this a lot, but I’m trying more and more to spread my interests, to not be consumed by a single subject (unless it’s physics.) I’m eager to leave Berkeley with more than just a physics (or computer science) degree. I want to leave here whole, well-rounded, balanced.	I’ve been considering what my interests are. I took a break from physics for the semester, a subject that is a passion of mine, to take CS61A, another subject that I have an interest in. Computer science is an interesting field to me, and I’ve been trying to put myself out there and develop my skills in it for a few reasons: of course it’s a good career opportunity and a marketable skill, but coding is also fun. This class allows me an opportunity to have more fun like that, but that’s not my main reason for taking this class. What really interests me about this class is the creative side of it. Academically, I’ve always considered myself a STEM person first and foremost. However, many of my hobbies involve the arts: fashion, movies, music, and a growing interest in photography. Despite my hobbies, I’ve never been confident in my artistic abilities. I like drawing, I like taking photos, I like making outfits, but they never actually look good. This class gives me the opportunity I’ve been looking for: to express and grow the creative side of my brain in a way that doesn’t feel too much like jumping into the deep end artistically. Web design goes hand-in-hand with STEM in many ways: you need to code the website, for example. However, the actual design of the website, making it look good, that requires some style. And some style is exactly what I’m hoping to get out of this class.	I've taken a beginner course on HTML previously :-)
Honestly just a guy who doesn't know much but is trying to explore different things to discover what he likes and doesn't. Have been heavily involved in the business scene on campus and would like to explore more of the CS/STEM side of campus. While I do enjoy professor taught classes, I believe decals offer more of an intimate learning experience as the class size is dramatically smaller and thus can over much more individualized attention and help if necessary. Only tangentially related but interested in entrepreneurship and beyond that I'm a baller at spikeball, volleyball, basketball, wilderness surivival (Eagle scout XD). Noob at photography (landscape mainly but dabbled in portrait this winter break with basic friends in Asia asking for hella pics) and not procrastinating.. at least not submitting at 11:59 PM! Tooly side of me is saying this will also be a good learning opportunity ;) 	My goal for the year is to follow through on learning something new and so I've previously learned HTML and CSS on codeacademy but want to put it together and actually create a website. I have some ventures that I've been researching but feel that my own website would be a solid finishing touch for it (clothing businesses, dropshipping store, etc). Just putting it out there that I'm not necessarily taking this class to boost my resume for CS recruiting but to learn a useful skill that many people with side hustles utilize for their own ideas to take it to the next level. Once I complete those tasks, I would want to use this skill to tackle my nonprofit goals such as reaching out and helping charities and NGOs renovate their webpages since they usually don't have the budget to hire software engineers to update their sites. 	Codeacademy courses!!
My family and I immigrated from Vietnam to the United States five years ago for a better education for my siblings and I. I grew up in year-round tropical weather; my childhood was surrounded with tropical fruits and trees. From birth, I loved to engage myself with nature. The greenery of trees always calms my mind whenever I have any issues; I love the feeling of immersing myself in the sounds of nature that can take away my worries. When I first moved here, I was often homesick; I craved for that feeling of serenity, but there are no tropics here. However, I found my way to continually connect with nature through camping and hiking in national forests. Ever since we came to America, every summer, my family and I go camping for a few days. I always go on a hike whenever I have free time. I do not want to disconnect with my roots, so I always do this. I also like to explore the world around me; the spark of discovery always fill my heart with joy. My to-do list consists of visiting all national forests in California and I also want to visit other natural places out of state. I want to be able to see the beauty of nature and have a balanced life between work and personal life.	I am interested in WebDesign because I want to explore, train, and gain experience in developing a website from scratch by myself. Through WebDesign, I hope to receive mentorship, guidance, and also to improve my design and programming skills. I am eager to apply the knowledge that I learned in the classroom and at WebDesign decal class to hands-on projects and do more practical technical skills. As a first year at Cal, I am also hoping to find a supportive community that shares similar interests to me in designing websites. Reflecting back on five years ago, when I first moved to the United States, I started off with no English skills. Nevertheless, I learned that to accomplish my goals, I always have to put my mind to it and have the passion to motivate myself through hardships; I finally made it to my dream school here at Cal. I believe that my passion for website design will also instantly connect me with the team to create promising projects 	No, I have no web design experience but I love to join our team and learn more about it.
I'm Miki, an international student from Japan, and this spring 2019 will be the very last semester at Cal and my college life in the United States. I am majoring in media studies and interested in building a website for myself. This is something new for me so I want to give it a try!	I am interested in building and designing my website to put photographs that I have taken as a personal gallery. Also, it would be awesome to acquire some practical skill to boost myself as a future business person.	I have taken a few weeks free HTML and CSS online tutoring a few years ago and I liked it! But I haven't had many opportunities to actually use that skills so I forgot almost every knowledge I got at that time.
Well . . . what would you like to know? Frankly, I don't know where to begin, but I assume I shouldn't go too far back. My name is Arman and I am currently a freshman at the number one public university in the world, the University of California, Berkeley. Anyways, you already know that. What you don't know is that I am Armenian and come from the lovely town of North Hollywood, CA. I love to spend my time exploring hip urban areas, hiking, camping, reading, eating good food, listening to music, and watching great films both new and old. 	Web design is such an important skill to have in today's labor market and I, like most other people applying for this DeCal, would like to be able to create my own websites. For the past few months, I've considered starting a personal blog to practice my writing skills. I believe this DeCal could help me achieve this simple and honest goal by allowing me to create a lovely website where I could use my blog to advocate for simple-living and minimalism, a concept which has recently become a passion of mine.	I have absolutely no web design experience.
I grew up surrounded by art, my father is an artist and I was sent to a school where we would start each day with a new painting. Art became such a significant part of my life that I don’t see it as a practice but as a part of who I am as a person. I am extremely passionate about design and pride myself over being very creative. In fact, I was planning on being an art major throughout high school until I fell in love with Business and Economics in my senior year. I spent most of my time in high school experimenting with different forms of art from printmaking to sculpture and in my first semester at Berkeley, I introduced myself to the world of digital art and photoshop. With every piece of art that I create, I strive to tell a story and I try to tell each story in a more creative manner. I am fully aware that this might sound like a cliché, but once I decide to learn something I give it my all until I have completely mastered it. I love learning new things and no matter what it is, I will not rest until I have fully understood it. 	I went from an aspiring art major to being an intended Economics/Haas Major but my love and passion for art have never faded. I want to be able to use both, the creative as well as the intellectual sides of my brain to learn how to design a website. This will not only fulfill my natural desire to design but will also complement my major. I understand that I don't really have any experience with coding, but I do know that I genuinely want to learn and I will give this class my best effort as it fulfills my love for art while at the same time providing me with the technical skills that will help me kickstart my startup ideas. I hope to not depend on anyone for anything even if it's creating a website for my business plans, I want to be independent; this class will help me do exactly that. Furthermore, it’s not merely about my short term goals, but about me cultivating a skill that will benefit me for a lifetime and so, I would love to learn web design. 	None
I am a junior student in Marketing. Comparing to theory, I like to learn by hand-on exercise more. I can be very industrious for things I have passion about. 	When I open a website, sometimes it's a joy but sometimes it's just a mess. With more and more business are conducted online, the interface is critical to user experience and customers' buying behaviours. 	I don't have web design experience. But I have some coding experience including python and R.
I am an international student from China. Because my high school doesn’t provide computer science courses, I didn’t have much chance to learn CS before I came to Berkeley. But because of my interest, I self taught python and C++. Currently, I am a computer science major student, and I self taught iOS development skills(I won’t tell you I did this by watching Stanford online courses  : ) ). I’ve been to Cal Hacks 5.0 and made an automatic assignment distribution app. In term of personality, if I get a chance to get into this DeCal, I will probably the most outgoing person you guys ever met : )	As I mentioned above, I have great interest in CS, and really wish to learn more in different areas. That is why I still self teach myself even when I didn’t have a chance to take a proper course at school. I do believe that although I am probably only going to specialize in one particular area in the future, having a little bit understanding to as many areas as possible in computer science is still quite important. Web design, obviously, is a very important skill as a computer scientist, and I do have enough reason to be curious about this area. Although I don’t have much idea about how it is done right now, in order to catch up the pace in DeCal, I will do as many learning and researches as I can to prepare for this DeCal so that I can catch up the pace. 	Not really hhhhhhhhhhh
I’m a junior Computer Science major, and my favorite classes so far at Berkeley are CS61B and CS170. I'm currently trying to self-study HTML over winter break as well. My goal for the semester is to build a website to showcase my portfolio, but I also love starting random projects for fun (like iOS apps with my friends or games). In the past, I’ve done lab assisting and tutoring for CS61B through CS370 and FemTech Launch, as well as curriculum development for E157AC. 	While my main goal for the semester is to build a personal website, I also just think web design is an essential skill for any computer scientist. After checking out the decal’s webpage, I was really impressed because it’s gorgeous but also not so distracting that it takes away from the content on the page, and I really want to learn to build websites like that. Also I've heard that the web design decal is really fun and people learn a lot from it, so I think it would be a pretty worthwhile class to take at Berkeley. 	No, but I have just begun self-studying HTML and CSS. 
I am a Freshman with intended majors in Data Science and Econ. I actually started coding after entering Berkeley, and found it very interesting. Unlike the math and science course I took in high school, I found coding very different in the results it produces. Since then I have used python to try some small projects, and I wish to continue to do more interesting stuffs using different languages.	First of all, I have always been curious about how webs are built. I feel it very interesting seeing lines of codes finally turned into an amazing webpage. Then, I have learned some python and wants to learn several other languages like Java and HTML. Finally, I am eager to find someone who shares the same interests with me in web designing through this decal.	NO, I don't have previous web design experience
Between 2013 to 2017, I used to volunteer with a high school tutoring program called Study Buddies. A lot of the kids who would come in were usually in elementary school to middle school, and it definitely took a lot of effort to keep the students focused on studying or completing their assignments during the sessions. Although the students didn’t necessarily express an overwhelming degree of gratitude with our services due to an understandable association between us and having to work, I remember when the mother of a student I tutored came in to personally thank me and the program coordinator for the recent jump in exam scores her son had begun receiving, praising our efforts and swearing to continue returning. She noted it was the first time that she’d ever had her son come back happy from doing his assignments.  Without question, that moment defines my experience within the tutoring program as one of the most rewarding experiences I’ve ever had in my life.  I enjoy doing what I can to help people, regardless of the effort or time it takes to do so. 	Thus far, I feel blessed for the websites my academic classes have built and provided for us. Most notably, websites for classes like CS61A and CS61B are incredibly concise, clear, and straightforward. The locations providing specific information and details is never too far away from the main topic of interest, the fluid and easy designs making it a welcoming habit to seamlessly transition in and out of looking up notes, assignments, office hours, and resources throughout the semester  However, in my research and exploration of future classes to take, I’ve noticed that several course websites lack the clear, digestible structure that my previous classes have provided me with. Most notably, some provide their information in single blocks of size 12, Times New Roman, single-spaced font that doesn’t distinguish where to find information or what information is being provided.  Navigating these websites feels like an assignment in and of itself, transforming what should be a hub for student information into an unnecessary obstacle.  That’s a large part of why I’d like to join this decal. I’d like to learn how to create a clear and fluid website that makes it easy for viewers to process and digest information. Following my experiences tutoring, it was clear that a large source of animosity towards studying originated in a fear of the unknown in the struggle to learn new information. I hope that by learning how to make websites clear and concise hubs of information, I can contribute towards making learning easier and smoother.	I don't have any previous web design experience
I’m passionate about activism and politics, particularly involving people of color and the queer community.  I volunteer at immigration clinics to help people seeking naturalization, zap people’s brains in my neuroscience research lab, and also do graphic design work on campus and freelance.  Outside of work and school, art and music are huge parts of my life. I like making acoustic covers and producing ambient electronic music with samples I pick up from walking around my neighborhood, and am slightly obsessive about having the appropriate Spotify playlist for every occasion. I enjoy gouache painting and figure drawing, and recently started experimenting with animation, turning doodles into mini looping GIFs. I also stress-bake a lot— in the depths of midterms last semester, I ended up making carrot cake and/or banana bread every week. While I’m not actually vegan, most things I bake are, because I like sharing my food with friends and also eating raw batter without fear.   If I was a food, I’d probably be a sampler dish or combination platter— I’m always open to new experiences and try to explore every opportunity, and I feel the most fulfilled when I have a lot of diversity in my life. I also feel the most comfortable existing in the intersections, whether it be art and technology, science and politics, social justice and queerness, or any combination of it all. I have never wanted to only do one thing— if anything, I hope my future title will be an ever-lengthening multi-hyphenate.	I love design, drawing, and writing, but I don’t have a good way to showcase my work. I currently use a Squarespace template for my website, but I’m frustrated by the lack of flexibility and limited options. I would love to be able to program my own site so that I can make something that feels more tailored and true-to-self. I’m also curious about UI design, and I think it would be an exciting creative experience to be able to design my own site and experiment with the possibilities of making an online zine or other artistic project. The cherry on top is that Squarespace and similar website builders are pretty expensive, and I’d like to save that money if I can.	I have experience using Squarespace and other similar website platforms, but not coding my own site.
My name is Steven (not Steve, I don't do nicknames). I'm from San Ramon, a relatively small city in the East Bay Area just a half-hour's drive from Berkeley. I'm an intended applied math major, although that is very likely to change in the upcoming semester as I start branching out and exploring other STEM fields. In my free time, I like listening to all kinds of music, watching NBA games, and taking long walks outside. I hope that my time here at Cal will help me discover my calling in life and kindle a life-long interest in learning.	First and foremost, web design is the greatest creative outlet for me in terms of the skill-set required. It combines computer programming skills, which is my strong suit, with artistic design, which I have recently taken an interest to and am very eager to learn more about. Besides this, I believe that learning web design is critical to success in the age of Internet and digital information; having a website that documents you personally is a great advantage for employment and networking purposes. These are the reasons why I want to take this class.	I took a web design summer class back when I was in middle school, but it was with using web design software and I've completely forgotten everything from that three week class. I guess calling that "experience" is a bit of a stretch, but at least it's something.
Hi, I'm Ajuney and I'm a 4th year studying computer science. I like spending my time teaching students about data structures, cooking, exploring nature, listening to different types of music, and developing myself as an artist. I enjoy drawing, painting and practicing calligraphy, and would love the opportunity to explore web design.	I am passionate about technology and design, and want to create platforms that are fast, intuitive and beautiful. While I have taught myself some of the basics of HTML/CSS, I am really looking to expand my skills and learn how to create incredible user experiences through this class.	I have taught myself HTML/CSS, but do not have in-depth experience.
I've always been interested in web design and have dabbled in design as a hobby. So far I've learnt basic HTML and CSS and would really like to learn more from this class, such as javascript and some backend	I've always wanted to create my own website from scratch and hopefully this Decal will provide me with the skills to do it.	Yeap I've learnt a bit
I have years of experience in hosting hackathons, programming and dabbling in UI/UX design, and working in various fast-paced teams.  Since my junior year in high school, I have helped organize the largest education hackathon in the world with HackingEDU, encouraged female participation in the local CS community, and taught Snap! and Scratch for The Coder School as a paid teacher and tutor.    This enthusiasm has since translated into my involvement in Berkeley's Computer Science community, as a tutor and as a student in Virtual Reality at Berkeley (VR@B). I took the VR decal and am now part of ISAACS (a VR/AR research team in UC Berkeley’s Lab of Augmented Cognition that works on remote drone piloting via VR interfaces) as a VR developer.  Additionally, my experience in hosting hackathons helped VR@B to host their first ever hackathon, SodaHacks, via my role as team lead on the Outreach team, where I liaised with companies and managed logistics. This collaboration became the largest Spring hackathon in the area. (https://vr.berkeley.edu/sodahacks.html)   In my first year at UC Berkeley, I demonstrated my passion for the CS community and took CS 370 over the summer, and was then invited to help facilitate the course the following semester. With this experience, I plan to continue tutoring students in CS and become a teaching assistant for courses in my major. For the upcoming summer I will be working at Google as a software engineering intern in the Daydream team, working on co-presence in VR. 	Three reasons. One—I've heard really really good things about this decal from my friends! Two—I believe that web design/development is an essential skill that everyone should be familiar with. After struggling to really get the hang of it on my own, I knew learning in a classroom setting would be a lot more beneficial and productive for me. Three—Not only do I hope to acquire a new skillset, I would love to get a personal website for myself up and running. It's been on my to-do list for so long; I think it's about it time it gets checked off! :)	Codeacademy
I love design and art, and I will often be found in the Makerspace making laser cuttings and 3d prints. Having taken the UCBUGG decal previously, I love 3d modelling and animating. In my free time, I develop indie games, having served as a composer for four titles thus far and coded others, one of which has won Scholastic's National Art and Writing Awards in the video game category. I love perfecting the way things look. Smooth, interactive interfaces make me really happy inside!   Additionally, I am also a big advocate for mental health, and I like to think myself a good listener with genuine empathy and compassion for others. When I interned for 7 Cups of Team, an anonymous place for people struggling with mental illness to talk to a trained listener, some people I had helped left reviews on my profile: "Brought back the smile I lost weeks ago" and "Loveliest listener I've had! So considerate and a beautiful personality. Made me tear up with so much happiness and love!! Highly recommend!"	All the website design knowledge I know has been self-taught, but I really want to learn the design principles and make cool websites for my portfolio, my video game teams, and my personal blogs. I think website design is a highly valued skill, and I do not just want to use Wix or Squarespace templates or other people's Tumblr themes. I truly want to make my own designs come to life! Being a junior as well, I especially want to pick up these skills before I graduate.	Some HTML/CSS that's been self-taught. I can edit Tumblr themes to stylize them to my needs (removing certain code to disable the way a theme has hovering affect opacity or text type, changing positioning and fonts, adding traffic trackers and music). But that's not truly interactive and for the most part, all I am doing is tweaking Wix and Squarespace themes in their headers and footers or custom code option. However, the design principles and code isn't mine. Because I want to make own ideas come to life, I genuinely really wish for the opportunity to take this decal and learn!
I think my major actually tells quite a lot about me. Anthropology is a surprisingly broad program that allows for a lot of nuance in what classes and passions I can pursue. And that’s exactly what I like. I’m the sort of person who wants to learn about everything, all the time. Computer science? Cool! Human evolution? Hit me with that. The history of Greek painting in the ancient world? Can’t wait. Spatial statistical analysis? Hit me with that sweet shit. 	Last year, I played (a very small) part in the development of a new website for the Phoebe Hearst Museum of Anthropology, where I work. I found it much more complex than expected and altogether immensely fascinating, so I’d like to learn more.  I think I could bring a relatively unique perspective to the course as well, since my background in anthropology has a heavy emphasis on the human parts of design and, since Anthro isn’t represented in the default “Major?” section, I’m assuming you don’t get many of my kind. 	A little! About a year ago I started messing around with HTML and CSS but never got particularly far with it. I’ve also taken some inro CS classes. 
I'm Lock Yin, a mechanical engineering major who enjoys and is interested in graphic design. I've recently picked up photography as well and was hoping to create my own website to display my work.	I wanted to learn how to design my own website, and to be able to transfer my skills in graphic design to a product that people can interact with. I also think that HTML CSS are very useful to know and wanted to learn through this class!	I know only basic C++ and have only ever used wix to make a website before.
I am a Computer Science student on a Visiting Program from India. Apart from being a bibliophile and dog-lover, I am also a very enthusiastic coder. I am extremely interested in web design and web programming and am really looking forward to attending this course so as to improve my knowledge on the subject. 	Web design fascinates me. I want to participate in projects involving the design of websites, both front end and back end. This class will help me understand all I need to know about the web interfaces which is really important in my field of study.	Yes, I have had a little experience with web design in school back home. 
I’m a mechanical engineering major who’s very unsure about what direction to go in after college. I’ve been taking EECS classes because I’m also very interested in the software side of things. I run a piano Youtube channel with a small amount of subscribers, and am decently proficient in video editing software because of it. I also practice archery at Berkeley. This semester I’m taking a really light schedule which is why I am looking at DeCals to help spice up my schedule. 	I’m taking this class because I’ve always been very interested in creating websites, specifically because I always enjoyed the creative side of how websites are built. I believe web design is more than just software (although that’s obviously super important) but also somewhat of an art. And you don’t need to necessarily have a professional job in specifically web design for it to be useful; just like writing an essay, it has uses everywhere, from personal portfolios to project pages. 	Pretty much nothing from scratch.
My name is Younie and I'm a third year studying Cognitive Science and Art Practice! To start, I really like doodling, dogs, and trying food from different cultures. If that was too vague, I’m interested in art that represents and empowers ethnic communities and various intersectionalities, and I’m beginning to make such work myself. I’m passionate about making resources visible and accessible to people who need it. Lately, as I’ve been involved in immigrants resource work that also aims to encourage empowerment and solidarity through the arts, I think utilizing the internet and creating a web-space would be really awesome to establish and share my portfolio and coming work.	As I mentioned, I want to learn how to create a website with the ultimate and eventual goal of being able to design my own online portfolio! I want to take this class to explore different skills that pertain to my artistic interests and also may help me explore career options. I’m very much a beginner at coding and design, but this DeCal, I believe, will provide the essentials of each element for me to get started and making work on my own. I would appreciate this DeCal as it will provide a classroom structure and direction and allow me to ask questions along the way. At the end of the day, I just want to learn something new, make art online and offline, be able to make art that crosses into various mediums, and explore various potential career fields. 	No :-((
My name is Justin Wong and I’m a sophomore studying cognitive science and data science while pursuing certificates in design innovation and entrepreneurship. I’m passionate about exploring my love for design thinking, technology, and problem-solving to design memorable experiences that make the world a more connected and productive place. I like to travel often and have taken advantage of study abroad trips to both China and Japan to explore my cultural heritage. I’m also a huge Star Wars fan and film fan in general- I recently watched my 500th movie (Creed II)  and was in BCEC’s film committee last spring. Last semester I co-founded a startup for IP management and an entrepreneurship-focused club filled with passionate makers with diverse sets of skills and startup ideas. Outside of school activities, I enjoy going on backpacking trips and have practiced martial arts for 13 years. Before realizing my passion for design, I was very set on the pre-law track and even worked on a death penalty case two summers ago. Since deciding design was the perfect fit for me and after realizing there was no design major at Cal, I’ve been trying to join as many design related programs and communities as my schedule allows and was excited after hearing about the opportunity to learn about web design through a decal!	The experience of learning in-person from passionate instructors and the unparalleled teaching ability of intro web design skills and techniques offered through the decal is what specifically drew me to this opportunity. Although I’ve completed design work, I only ever used Figma, Photoshop, Sketch, or Wix. I have very very little experience with coding websites myself and never had any formal classroom experience learning web design conventions or philosophy. I am currently the only designer in a small local startup and while previously I only needed to design mockups in Figma, two of our engineers are leaving so a lot more of the front end (specifically the coding parts) will fall on to my plate. I believe that this class will help equip me with the skills necessary to redesign and update the company’s website and ensure it best meets the needs of our customers with intuitive, engaging designs. I also plan to pursue more UI/UX work in the future so all the skills and techniques I learn in the class will definitely come in handy. To me, there’s something intrinsically rewarding about creating a functional design from scratch and I hope to build fun and engaging websites from the ground up through the decal.	I’ve never had formal web design training although I did build a website for my startup using Wix but that was all drag and drop. I did one web design related project as a design consultant at Berkeley Innovation for OmniSci although that was all on Figma with no coding involved. I learned really, really basic html in middle school but forgot most of it by now.
I'm currently a second year student from Hacienda Heights, CA. I am trying to double major in Computer Science and Data science. I enjoy playing League of Legends and watching YouTube on my free time. Also, I just start going to the gym, so I hope I can keep that up.	To be honest, my friend told me to apply with him. And I didn't even know this decal existed, so I thought it would be awesome to apply and hopefully take it with him. And be able to create some websites, but most importantly learn a new skill and use my creativity! Go Bears (:	Nope. Zero experience
Hi! My name is Susan Chen, and I’m a second year EECS major. I was originally an IEOR major, but after taking CS 61A and B, I found that I loved CS and so I decided to switch majors. I’m from the bay area, but I was born in China and I have also lived in Canada and Ireland. Moving around a lot has constantly pushed me outside of my comfort zone, and as a result, I love to try new things and meet new people.  I am currently an academic intern for CS61B because I really like computer science and sharing my knowledge with others. Teaching is challenging to me because I have to approach problems in many different ways so that I can explain them for everyone to understand, but it is also extremely fulfilling to help others. I have a wide range of hobbies and interests that I pursue in my free time. I enjoy dancing and choreographing because it allows me to express myself through my movements, and I have been in AFX for 4 semesters. I also enjoy photography and design, and it provides another outlet for my creativity. Recently, I have been interested in skateboarding and snowboarding, and I want to develop my skills in both sports.   	Web design combines technology and innovation, both areas that I am passionate about. I believe that I already have a strong foundation of coding and design skills, and this class will provide me with the opportunity to apply these skills together. I have always been interested in web design, as in high school I browsed Tumblr very frequently. Many people had unique and personalized Tumblr sites, and this inspired to make one myself as well. I followed many HTML tutorials, but could not make a cohesive website. Ultimately, I used a premade template and simply made a few tweaks and added some customizations. Although I succeeded in creating a website, it was not truly representative of myself, and I also found other people who had used the same template as me. This time, through this class, I want to learn how to make a website fully on my own, and hopefully develop a true passion for web design. I am always interested in learning new things, and I believe that I can learn a lot from this class.	not really
As a junior transfer student at Cal, I have studied at 3 different community colleges in the past. I primarily dedicated most of that time studying automotive as a subject and a career. I had a hard time applying for a 4-year university because none of my parents have a degree. However, my passion for the environment as a result of studying vehicle emission have finally led me to apply and pursue Geography. Other than my academic history, I enjoy hiking mountain peaks, my latest submit is Emery Peak in Big Bend at 10, 725 ft. I also enjoy the art of photography and writing travel journals. I am traveling in Costa Rica and Panama for the winter break to learn about the Central American geography, culture and way of life.Especially, I think that learning other cultures help me to expand my imagination and creativity in both academic and personal growth. 	Last semester I took an Introduction to Digital Worlds, it really made me want to be better at making a website. Aside from making maps, our mapping assignments that required us to build websites to display our digital maps (made from Mapbox studio, Leaflet, QGIS, Carto). Even though I earned an A in the class, I struggled in writing HTML, Javascript and CSS from scratch as each assignment got harder and more complex. After staying up late at night to figure out how to put a fixed video for the background in CSS, I wanted to be better at designing websites and told myself to apply again for this Decal. I believe that having the motivation to build a website and googling for help forums is not enough, one will be better at web design with the support and guidance from friends or mentors. After taking this Decal, I plan to use the skills to write a website as a medium between tour guides and tourists to connect without the third party who often abuse their power of information by overcharging the tourists and underpaying the tour guides.	Yes. I have done some web designing for my map making class Geog 80. 
I am from New York and I chose to go to school in California because of the warm weather. I love art, especially drawing portraits, and I've been getting more and more into digital art the past couple of years. Recently I've been interested in computer science after taking a cs course at Berkeley and I want to go into a ui/ux design related field. I also love music (mainly indie rock, alternative, and pop punk) and frequently go to concerts. I'm pretty active and did cross country, track, and cross country skiing in high school.	I've always been interested in art and graphic design, and in high school I had to make a website for my art portfolio as well as a website for an independent research project course to display my research and work. For those websites, I just used a website with predetermined templates to build my website, but I always wished I could start from scratch and make my own. I think one of the really important things about building a website is its appearance and functionality, which pertains to user experience and design which I am currently really interested in.	Not really
I'm a junior who enjoys building projects that help others. I spent my spring as a one-on-one tutor for CS 61A students, my summer as a group tutor for CS 61A students, and will finally be TA'ing for it this semester. I am also the cofounder of a social media app on the App Store for underrepresented minorities and allies to help spread opportunities about scholarships and cultural news to those who otherwise wouldn't be in-the-know.	Despite my desire to build applications to improve the lives of my users, my ability to create intuitive and aesthetic web UI's using HTML, CSS, and JS is wanting.	Programming, but not much design
I am a computer science major with a passion for learning new things and gaining applicable new skills. I enjoy creating exciting long-term projects and collaborating on different tasks and assignments with others who share my interests in learning, technology, and project-based development. For example, outside of class, I am a software developer for the Advanced Technologies Group of Undergraduate at Laboratory at Berkeley, a position through which I have gained hands on experience in using programming and front-end web technologies to create projects such as an EEG Test Analysis. In addition, I am an Outreach and Communications Intern for UC Berkeley’s Division of Data Sciences and have helped with the Division’s recruiting, enrollment, and outreach efforts. I believe that my involvement in various student organizations and internships has helped me develop an open-minded and enthusiastic mindset, willingness to face challenges, and dedicated approach to problem solving that combine to make me an effective contributor in both academic and external environments.  	I want to join the Web Design DeCal because doing so will provide me with the opportunity to develop my technological, design, and decision-making skills, while gaining hands-on experience in web development under the guidance of experienced and enthusiastic instructors. Through the DeCal, I will also be able to collaborate closely with my course peers, build applicable skills, and design my own personal website from scratch. I hope to apply the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript skills I gain through the Web Design DeCal towards real-world website-building and project-based development and towards creating various other sites in the future. Web design has widespread applications in today’s technology-driven world, and by taking this DeCal, I will be able to gain useful skills in web development, while exploring an exciting new passion and interest. 	I have no prior web design experience.
My name is Eric and I am currently a junior studying Computer Science. When I first got to Berkeley actually, I was a pre-Haas major. I went through all the typical pre-Haas stuff (joined a business frat, consulting club, etc.) and was a die-hard pre-Haas student. However, my interests gradually started to change as I learned more about consulting/banking and did a PM internship my freshman summer in South Africa. I fell in love with my work as a PM intern, constantly comparing it to what I would do as a consultant and finding it superior. I wanted to take 61A my sophomore first semester, but at last decided not to so that I don't jeopardize my GPA. Unfortunately, Haas didn't end up working out for me, which kind of left me in this mid-college crisis where I didn't know what to do. I hated Econ so I really wanted to rule that out of the picture. Also, I've always had this fascination for Computer Science, but I felt as if it was too late for me already and I had no chance graduating on time, competing with my peers for internship positions, etc. Nevertheless, I decided to go for it and took 61A my soph spring semester and 61b/70 last semester. It was probably the best decision I made in college. I wish I decided to major in CS sooner. I love what I'm learning and am constantly eager to learn more in this wonderful field. 	I want to take this class because web development truly interests me. I did some  minimal web development in my freshman summer internship but honestly forgot most of what I learned. I just remembered that I liked learning web development and liked applying what I learned to actually creating sites. I also see web dev as a stepping stone for me to learn more advanced aspects of computer science. I think web dev is crucial in many parts of the industry and is almost expected as common knowledge among computer scientists. That's why I really want to take this course - so I can better my CS knowledge and contribute to something I find fun. 	I have had a bit! I took the codeacademy courses for html and javascript but honestly do not remember much (took it 1.5 years ago). 
I’m just an ordinary girl who loves to nap when given the time, drinks too much Matcha latté these days, reads young adult fiction novels and is self learning Korean! 	I have always wanted to build my own blog instead of using other platforms such as Blogger or Tumblr! This class will teach me the foundation of building my own website and learn some web aesthetics along the way!	When I was younger, I used to build MySpace profile designs from scratch! I have forgotten how to though ):
Hi, I'm Andrew, a Senior studying Media Studies at Cal. In my free time, I like to make videos for my YouTube Channel, Wingdrops, where I mostly do food reviews (I'm quite a foodie). I definitely want to work in media after I graduate, if not that then advertising or marketing. I also like to play video games, watch anime, and listen to and play music. 	I definitely want to be able to create a good homepage for my brand, Wingdrops (my Youtube channel). It would be great if I could do that myself. Another thing is I want to improve my portfolio, to improve my job hunt now and in the future. Right now I use myportfolio.com , which is ok, but I would love if I could show off my creativity more. Lastly, I want to learn web design because it can be a potentially useful skill for my job after I graduate.	I took a community college course introducing me to web design (HTML and CSS). I literally took it so I could make an interactive Choose Your Own Adventure story with clickable options, pictures, and music. I've since forgot most of my skills.
Hi,  my name is Yang-Uh and I am Korean but I was born in Frankfurt, Germany. I am part of the Berkeley Haas Global Access Program and will be a visiting student until the end of May 2019. I am a graduate student majoring in Management in Frankfurt. I am very passionate about sports, videogames and fashion. I am now 27 years old and very interested in emerging technologies, and e-commerce in general. I would say, that I am a very open-minded person who is always willing to learn more and expand my knowledge in any field. 	I am a complete beginner when it comes to designing websites and handling with programming language. However I am very motivated to learn how to build a website and administrate it successfully. My interest in Web Development grew, when I wrote my Bachelor´s thesis about E-Commerce in the fashion industry. I am aware that Web Development is a crucial skill to master in the 21st century. Being in a business environment I try to find platforms where I can unfold and stimulate my creativity. I have done this mostly through music, but I believe that web development can be an even better platform. Since it is a completely new field for me, I would be very excited to learn the skills to build websites. Back in Germany, the opportunity of learning in an environment which is driven by innovation and technology development is not given. Hence it is a one time opportunity for me.	Unfortunately I am a complete beginner when it comes to coding or web design.
Growing up in an underprivileged neighborhood, I understand the struggles of not having the necessary resources to have a competitive education.  Because of this, I strive to work as a data scientist to ensure that low-income communities get the proper funding they need in order to foster successful individuals. I would like to have a career on something education-related in data science.  Because of my background, I want to ensure that others do not struggle like I did. Last year, I served as an SLC tutor because I enjoy explaining things I have learned to others.  Not only is it beneficial for them, but also for me because it motivates me to stay on top of my classes and challenges me to express concepts in a coherent manner.  My great attention to detail and organization guides me to consistently give it my all in assignments because I enjoy seeing hard work pay off.     I try to learn as many new things as I can about programming by attending workshops on campus to hear about others’ experiences in the field.  During these workshops, I enjoy meeting other programming enthusiasts and working with them, allowing us to build on each others’ strengths and become better programmers.  In my free time, I enjoy listening to music and playing/watching basketball.  My favorite genres are EDM and pop, and my favorite team is the Los Angeles Lakers.	As an applied mathematics major, I want to be able to incorporate the knowledge I learn in my math classes to real-world applications, such as web design.  After tutoring in the SLC, I find that the best way for students to learn is to be able to explain something to others in a sequential and coherent manner.  Without an organized map of how things work, it is difficult for one to explain and understand a concept.    I believe the best way to stay organized is to make a “lesson plan” for oneself that is easily navigable and accessible, like a webpage.  My goal is to develop an informative website for the SLC community that aims to bring students together to collaborate on coursework and teach others tips I have learned from my own classes.  I also hope to inspire others to learn how to create websites in order to develop a habit of organization and collaboration.  Being able to learn JavaScript and HTML will just be an added bonus to take this class because these are useful skills to have in the programming field.  Even though there are many online resources that teach you to create websites on your own, the opportunity to collaborate with others in person is something I enjoy.  I believe that learning new skills with others is more effective than learning it by yourself.  This creates an opportunity to foster personal communication skills and develop better problem-solving strategies.	No
I'm a third year data science major, interested in web design and graphic design in addition to data analysis! I love baking, hiking, and doing AFX Dance in my free time. I would love to develop my current website and learn about photoshop/illustrator through this decal!	I want to take this class to develop my web design and graphic design skills. I have had some exposure with these topics but I never took a formal course, so I think that would be a great way to gain more knowledge about it. I also want to apply these skills in the future to potential internships or other related positions.	Yes, I have had some experience designing a website in my internship. However it was mainly focused on backend so I want to learn more about aesthetics through this course!
I'm someone who has never really been good at thinking creatively, so things like art, animation, and design have never really been my strong suit. I figure that taking this class will blend technical skills with creativity in a way that might help me learn to express myself more easily. 	See above. Also I'm thinking of building a website in order to market myself to recruiters. Finding a job is hard yo. I've also always wanted to learn Javascript, HTML, and CSS, so this would be a perfect opportunity.	Nope
Hi, I'm an art major focusing primarily on graphic design and branding. I aspire to publish my own magazine in New York one day. I'm also very into photography and printmaking. I'm very open to new challenges and love all things aesthetic. I also love food, especially ice cream. 	I really want to learn how to create a functional, beautiful, and one-of-a-kind website for my portfolio! I don't have much experience in web design so I thought this would be a great opportunity to start. Also, iIve been hearing how wonderful this class is from my friends at Innovative Design and I finally have time so I really hope I can join. 	Nope sad :( 
Whats up! Im Beny. I consider myself to be an energetic, creative, and positive guy. I am from Latin America and I love music, especially Salsa and Spanish music. I also really like graphic design and product design. I first was exposed to web design with build your website style sites, such as Weebly. I liked them so much that I began looking into how the website were built and stumbled on HTML/CSS. Since then I've been tinkering around and coding my own websites and learning from other web designers. 	I want to take my web design skills to the next level and continue growing on my already existing knowledge. I can see myself being a website designer as a profession and this decal would only help me more in realizing this hope. I love being able to bring my ideas to life and see the results and this is the perfect skill and decal for that! I also want to build a website to show off my portfolio of graphic design and apps.  	Yes! I took a web design class in high school as well as a web design course on Udemy. I also have coded my own websites with custom menus, forms, and more. I have worked extensively with HTML/CSS/PHP. The website I made was for my portfolio as well as another website for a small business I launched. Both of these sites could use more work, however, I am happy with the first iteration I was able to create! 
I am a licensed scuba diver I have seen 677 movies in my life  I can sing the alphabet backward I once shook MC Hammer's hand I collect fun socks I always eat sushi after a midterm  I have accidentally met every governor of California in my lifetime  I caught a green sea turtle with my bare hands once  I have surfed both coasts of Costa Rica  I am usually better at 3D art like welding and ceramics  I think gold chains are the best new trend I am descended from the Vikings of Norway  I stress bake, a lot  I make a mean Mai Tai  I am sometimes really good at poker and pool 	Berkeley has introduced me to so many things that I never got exposed to coming from a small, underfunded high school. Anything from architecture and ceramics to computer programming and journalism, I have slowly been discovering more and more interests that I never knew I had. One of those recent interests is web design and user interface systems as a whole. Because of my background, I don't have much experience but I am determined to maximize my utilization of Cal's amazing resources and this class is definitely one of them. I have found that I excel in DeCals when I am surrounded by my peers as both fellow students and mentors and I know that I could both contribute to and gain from such a learning environment centered on this subject. 	Only a little in an Intro to News Reporting class with Wordpress and an Advanced Multimedia class with HTML. 
I wouldn't necessarily label myself as a distinctive person, and in comparison to the lot of the school's student body, I would say that I'm far less rigorous concerning school-related matters. Yet, I find myself here at Cal on pace with those who I find excessively acute or rather too academically inclined. Like many, sometimes I wish that I can just sit back in the dorm and watch anime for hours on end or just sit at memorial glade and read mind-blowing psychological novels. As much as I hate to admit it, I'm much lazier than I think I am, but when it comes to salient issues like self-organization, actually completing a hefty assignment, and so on, I find myself loading my schedule with time devoted to getting these things either complete or ameliorated. Pretty much, I'm carefree and overrelaxed for the most part but I can pull a solid 180 when need be. Apart from this, I enjoy athletics, particularly basketball, frisbee, and badminton. I'm also interested in dance and music production but have never seriously had or taken the chance to learn much about it; I'd like to push myself this semester to learn more myself and potentially through clubs and organizations offered on campus. 	Web Design has always seemed to be a handy skill to have, but even so, I've never taken the initiative of learning it. Recently, a middle school friend of mine began a clothing business which surprisingly has grown to be far more popular than what either of us or his friends imagined. I also have two other friends that have tried running their own clothing lines but neither of them is interested in tech-related fields of work or study and lack the ability to design a quality website to showcase their fashionable attire. This has encouraged me to learn the ins and outs of web design so that I can in time assist them with their clothing ambition, but ultimately so that I gain a serviceable and marketable skill that pushes me towards being a more well-rounded individual. 	None at all.
Everyday a reminder goes off on my phone at 3:00 P.M.: “ONE SECOND OF THE DAY!!!!!”   If I haven’t yet, I’ll swipe up to my camera and film whatever I’m doing at that moment— watching Netflix, studying in Lounge 1, eating with friends at Cafe 3. For the last three years, I’ve been filming one second of every day of my life.  It only takes one second to bring back memories of the day — what I did, how I felt and who I talked to. Some people keep diaries to remember that, but I prefer to document these seconds of my life. That might just be because I’ve always loved filming, editing and watching videos.   In my senior year, I interviewed a teenage mother for a video story. While I was reviewing the clips on my camera, I saw the senior pull her two-year-old in close and embrace her. By the time I could start recording, the moment had passed.   There are times when I become so obsessed with capturing the perfect shot that I miss what’s happening right in front of me. Whether it’s video clips or my life decisions, I know I’ll always regret the shots that I didn’t take. But in December, when I watch the 365 seconds from that year, I remember all the moments that I did capture. With every success and failure, I’ve grown to cherish the shots that I did take — one second at a time.	When I joined my high school publication three years ago, I desperately wanted to work on the print magazine because I loved designing. Three years later, I still loved designing, but executed it through a different medium — coding.  Every time our web development team started planning a multimedia package, I felt as though I was working with a blank canvas. But covering that canvas was much more complicated than a simple stroke of a brush.  We first brainstormed how to fill the empty web page, considering the layout of different visual elements. After which, we picked a color scheme, font type, and CSS style. Finally, we titled our masterpiece. But the hardest part of the process was yet to begin.   The coding was where we painted. We married the stories with the visual elements into one cohesive package. In college, I joined the Daily Californian Projects Team, which works to create visualizations based on data. Working on both of these teams has been really interesting and has given me a lot of valuable experience with FrontEnd and Web Development.   However, most of my knowledge relies heavily on using bootstrap templates, which is why I’m eager to learn how to create web applications from the ground-up. Moreover, I want to push myself out of my comfort zone to learn more about the backend programming languages as I have mostly had experience working with front-end.  Now, I can comfortably use HTML/CSS in templates, but it’s exciting to think of the endless possibilities as I find more ways to fill that blank canvas from scratch. 	Yes. I was part of the web development team on my high school publication, but we mostly worked with Bootstrap templates. 
My peers really introduced me to coding and building things with software. I had minimal coding experience in high school as we did not have any coding classes. But then entering into Berkeley and diving straight into CS I could sense an enthusiasm for inventing cool things among the students. I realized it was actually a great enabler and I could follow other passions through it. I remember I would sit in a class and someone would be coding a mobile app game or find out someone made a craigslist web scraper for cheap and used bikes. Meeting these people really inspired me to go off on my own things and really follow through with an idea that I would typically keep in the back of my mind. And so once I felt I had enough knowledge from my classes and brainstormed how I could apply the material, I made a connect4AI. At first I just wanted to make something that could play at a beginner level, like to be able to block 3 in a rows. But then when I got the ball rolling and kept thinking of ways to make it better, my curiosity really overpowered my laziness and I added a bunch of optimizations. When my computer finally beat myself, it was a pretty proud moment for me.  This was the first time I really felt addicted to working on a program and it was a feeling that made me sure I wanted to keep programming.    	I want to diversify my skillset as a software developer.  I feel that the classes I have taken were more theoretical or backend focused and would like to branch out into frontend design.  I think it would be a helpful skill to have in terms of building my own personal website and being more fluid with responsibilities that I could handle when working on a small team trying to work on a large project such as in a hackathon.  I also always thought of myself as a visual person and I think this class will help me dive deeper into a more creative or artistic side.	Yes, I have a minimalistic personal website I'd like to improve.
My name is Kayla Maulino, and I would like to first introduce myself by the things that actually define me beyond a basic academic level. I love to dance, which is a recently acquired hobby and a much needed creative outlet. I hope to one day have the confidence (and skill) to choreograph a piece that I would be proud to perform for my peers. I really enjoy my job as a bobarista and by that, I mean I love free boba and the actual work itself is tolerable. When I have free time, my favorite thing to do is crack open a book and disappear from my own world for a little. Realistically, I just watch YouTube because I’m running out of brain power and need a good laugh or distraction.  Anyways, I’m a sophomore majoring in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science. My favorite class so far has surprisingly been CS70. I both enjoy and understand better when a problem can be mentally visualized, rather than attempting to wrap my head around theories or mathematical concepts. I also like the creative process when approaching a problem, where it’s almost like trying to solve a riddle. Beyond classes, I haven’t yet found an area I’d like to work in someday. I’m hoping that my current courses, like CS161 or this DeCal :) if I’m accepted, will give me the introduction and insight into topics that I find passion in.	My passion for CS was sparked by curiosity at the synthesis of logic and creativity. Not only are there multiple ways to solve problems, but there are endless possibilities to create and design. Thus far, class projects have been tightly-defined and rarely was there a tangible product that I can proudly say I created. My hope for this class is that it will provide the opportunity to use what I learn to produce something I can show others, and more importantly myself, as practical proof of my hard work. Although I’m proud of projects like rebuilding a CPU in CS61C, I think my technology-impaired parents would be more impressed by a website of my own design.  I became interested in web design while working as a CS instructor for young students. One of my fourth-graders expressed his desire to create a website. With no experience myself, I began researching HTML. Equipped only with my cheat-sheet for basic commands, I was astounded by what he produced. Although it appeared as just a page with simply-formatted text and pictures, it opened my eyes to the possibilities of what could be created with a few lines of HTML. He beamed with pride over his fake article about an imagined murder of Elmo, complete with grisly details and poorly-inserted jpegs of blood splatters. Though this DeCal will provide much more expertise than I gave to him, I hope to mimic his childlike imagination and the absolute passion he found in what he could create.	no
I am a first year and I'm from the Bay Area. I was involved in a lot of different sports and clubs in high school but as to not stress myself out, I haven't continued with a lot of what I did. Those included robotics, interact, marching band, debate, and a science outreach club. I'm still in robotics and I'm trying to branch out and try new things. I love video games, anime, shows, and hanging out with friends. I'm hoping that through this course I can now only gain great skills and create fun projects but that I'll be able to make a lot of new friends and find even more new things to try out. 	I'm an intended psychology major and I aspire to be an IO psychologist. I believe that web design would help in my career and find out if it's truly what I want to do. I'm also a part of PiE Robotics at Berkeley and the experience in code that I could gain from here would be really beneficial and allow me to be able to help out more in the club. I feel that I'm limited in what I'm able to contribute and something like this would not only allow me to offer more assets to a club that I really enjoy but to also help me build skills that would be helpful in my career in the future. Aside from just the career and club aspects, I really admire a lot of the work put into good websites, and I'm always amazed at the products I see and the mechanics and time that are needed to produce them. It's something really interesting that I'd love to play around with. 	Nope! I've seen python a couple times and know some basic coding language from robotics but not enough to do anything independently 
I am from Carson, California in the greater Los Angeles area (in between Compton and Long Beach). I grew up in a working-class immigrant neighborhood which raised my awareness of the extreme circumstances that underserved children are exposed to.   To the surprise of many, I won a pageant and served as Miss Teen Carson in 2015 for two years. As a city representative, I spoke at events to inspire youth with similar backgrounds as mine to overcome their challenges growing up in Carson.   At thirteen, I was diagnosed with moderate scoliosis and had to wear a Boston back brace for three years to keep my condition from worsening. During visits to my orthopedic doctor, I learned that engineers design apparatuses meant to enrich the lives of others. This experience had a powerful impact on my decision to pursue engineering.  I decided to major in IEOR because I believe my lifestyle revolves around striving to maximize my productivity and to be as efficient as possible while aiming to eliminate wasted time and money. My minor is global poverty and practice because I am passionate about giving back to those who warrant attention and want to use supply-chain management to serve disadvantaged communities.   Growing up in a working-class neighborhood, serving as Miss Teen Carson, and living with scoliosis have fueled my desire to motivate youth to pursue their dream career goals and to serve those who are less fortunate.  P.S. I like skateboarding, doing peoples’ eyebrows, and dying my hair.	During my first semester, I joined the Pilipinx Association of Scientists, Architects, and Engineers (PASAE) where I interned for the web master, Kiana. From her, I learned about this decal. When we met to learn how to update the club website, she showed me the basics of website design using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. She mentioned this was an amazing class and showed the different aesthetic websites she was able to create. From this experience, I was eager to learn more.   I have always been fascinated by the power of computer science and this class is a great way for me to strengthen my skills in coding while becoming more fluent in web design. I’d love to leave the class having the ability to create my own website where I may write about the adversities and unique experiences I have gone through in my young life in order to motivate people who may be sitting through the same circumstances. 	My very first time designing a website was with Weebly in my sophomore year of high school for the National History Day competition. While I was in PASAE, Kiana showed me the ropes of some web design and I was given exposure to updating a bootstrap based website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Still, this was a very brief lesson so my skills are very elementary. 
Hi! I'm Ryan, I have been coding since my senior year in high school, and after taking that class, saw coding as my future career path. I am always motivated to learn more and try to find new ways to learn more (one of the many reasons I want to take the web design decal). While I have coded my way through many tough classes, I have never really experienced real world coding (including the graphical part and front-end), and want to explore more into this region as it could also be a possible career path. I am still looking into many more options for my future, and hope to gain as much experience in everything I can before I graduate! Technology has always been apart of my life, as I am an avid gamer and computer builder. Being a computer builder, I have a certain knack for aesthetics and "clean" builds, which I see applying to web design, and create a beautiful website.	I want to take this class primarily because I want to learn and delve into all things coding; whether it be front-end, back-end, or the full-stack, I want to learn about coding in every form while I'm at Berkeley, and hope to expand my horizons from just coding against challenging problems to pragmatic and deployable code. Also, as I have tried learning online before, I really feel like the in-person experience that a class offers is much better as I can personally get to know my instructors and comprehend the class better. I have heard good things about web design decal from my friends that have taken it in the previous semesters, and hope that the same experiences will apply to me!	I have very little experience in web design, and tried learning a little over winter by making my own website, but did not get far.
I'm a graduating senior in IEOR that's really invested in Product Management. I love the outdoors and I regularly go out camping every weekend with random groups of people to meet more people (networking?). I'm also really invested in the Indonesian community in Berkeley because of my love for Indomie (if you haven't tried this ramen i'll be happy to provide) :)	I got a lot of inspiration to join this Decal from the work done by Steven Singorahardjo during our time working together in the Berkeley Indonesian Student Association. I'm currently working to be a product manager and I'm trying to explore more of the UI/UX space of the field.	Nope! Looking forward to learn though.
I’m a senior studying biology with a minor in education! I really enjoy both of these subjects, as I’m interested in metabolism, specifically how foods we eat get processed and how we can improve that, and middle school education, as kids are smarter than we make them out to be and everyone deserves a good education. Outside of class, I enjoy playing tennis, watching “Ask Us Anything”, and trying to pick up hobbies. Currently I’m trying to teach myself magic tricks, and before that I was learning guitar. After graduation, I hope to become a K-12 teacher for a few years at least, and then either keep teaching if I am happy or move on to a different career. While I don’t have much to offer in terms of expertise, as I don’t have much coding or technical experience with computers other than my own usage of laptops and taking CS61A, I’ve been able to accomplish some things that I think are interesting. I’ve been to Shirati, Tanzania (in Africa) to teach health, science, and English, I became an ambassador for Soylent (still am), and I spent a week in Yosemite helping competitive middle schoolers figure out their emotional needs and get in touch with nature. Often, I attribute these things that I have done to my first job, beginning in the service industry, where I worked at Dumpling Express and Sheng Kee in Berkeley as a cashier. And that’s a few highlights from my life!	Even though my career path is currently taking me nowhere near coding or technical computer things, I wholeheartedly believe that I will be making a website sometime in my future. Teachers will sometimes make their own websites, and many other entrepreneurs will need their own as well. I do want to make my own website as a teacher, and at some point in the future I want to own and run a restaurant, so I’ll need a website for that as well. Being able to make my own, beautiful websites so that I wouldn’t need to rely on a third-party would save me a lot of money and keep me from getting headaches from not being able to do what I want. I also want to start understanding computer science just a little bit more! Because of my experience with CS61A, I was not confident in my ability to declare the CS major and complete it with a good GPA. I sometimes regret not having a better understanding of computer science, as our current world is getting more and more digital each year, and I feel like I am slowly getting out of touch with technology. I want to try to change my own view of technology and start to understand what these website things are that I visit on a daily basis. All in all, website-crafting is a very, very useful skill to have and it would help me tremendously in whatever career I end up in.	Nope :(
My name is Alan Lai and I am a second year at UC Berkeley majoring in electrical engineering and computer science. To begin, I will explain a little of what I have done in my first two years at UC Berkeley. In fall of 2017, I joined Blockchain at Berkeley as a developer and eventually moved on to Head of Marketing and Social Director. My career goals are to work in the financial technology industry, either continuing doing blockchain or venturing into global investment management. As a result, I have interned at XinFin and Amberdata as a developer and marketer respectively. This year, I will be interning at Blackrock as a data analytics to learn how centralize financial technology industry works. Looking at my past experience and goals, it is clear the two main aspects I am focused on is marketing and developing which aligns with what the website decal will be teaching.  Now a little about my hobbies and what I do for fun. For hobbies, I enjoy playing music, especially on my bass clarinet, going to the gym for weight training and badminton and dancing in AFX. During my free time (if I have any), I play video games such as Super Smash Bro. and League of Legends, explore SF to find the best food and watch movies, especially all the Oscar-nominated movies. 	As head of marketing at Blockchain at Berkeley, design, and presentation is crucial in expressing one’s ideas and projects. Thus, I am interested in taking this decal to expand my abilities in creating a website able to grasp the attention of anyone who stumbles upon it. What I find most interesting the course is learning the philosophy of web design and being able to recognize and recreate modern design trends. But more importantly, https://wdd.io/ really impressed me. Being able to see what I will be doing visually every week was very exciting, especially knowing that I will be able to apply what I have learned in the CS61 series to create a real-world project. Not only that, but the decal’s website is one of the most interactive and creative websites which made me really want to take this decal because I would learn the necessary techniques to create something like it.  Finally, one of the things I wanted to gain from taking this course is being able to create a simple bio website for myself. When looking at the instructors for this course, I explored their website and was shocked by how innovative they were, especially Brenda Zhang. Seeing all the instructor’s websites and projects really demonstrated how talented they will be, inspiring me to learn web design even more. Just looking the decal’s website for a little made me realize this is definitely the decal I want to take. 	Barely any. Did play around with HTML and such but not really created a website. 
I’m a girl who loves math, computer science, and designing new, beautiful things. I’m always eager to discover new ways to implement my creativity, whether it be through creating a brain puzzle game to represent the human mind’s intricacies, writing code to 3D print chocolate stars and chocolate flowers, or creating recursive art through the use of Java’s Graphics library. One of the ways I’ve found my creativity is through coding, and my next step in exploring my creativity is through creating something that can be seen online: a combination of colorful graphics that are interconnected to form a website.   Outside of school, I have many hobbies: I like to play video games, browse the Internet, sleep, and take walks outside.	I want to take this course because I want to learn more about the HTML, CSS, and Javascript languages. I strongly believe these languages are important for a programmer to grasp and become experienced in using. The experience of taking the Web Design Decal will ultimately help expand my skill set and become more versatile as a programmer, allowing me to look more marketable to employers and to serve as a great asset to companies that I intern at or work at in the future.   I would like to apply my creativity and learn more about how I can use my programming skills to design an aesthetically pleasing website. It’ll be my first time designing a website in recent years. I am thinking of using the website I create to make a portfolio of my CS projects and my interests, as well as to share about myself. I would love to have the website provide an easy link to (as well as, in some cases, a visual demonstration of) my past projects and my resume. In the future, I hope to have some opportunities to apply what I’ve learned from this Decal when creating beautiful websites for other companies/individuals, too.	I’ve written HTML and barely any PHP for a website I designed before, but I’ve only done that as a middle schooler as part of a one-month summer school web design class. Therefore, I remember only a little bit of HTML.
I am a second-year BioE/EECS double major, and I love to be useful; it is for this reason that, last year, I took on the responsibility of redesigning the website for the Berkeley Energy & Resources Collaborative, or BERC (berc.berkeley.edu).  I came into this position expecting to learn the nitty gritty, ins-and-outs of web design by force; I won't lie, I was a little bit excited.  I love being able to make myself useful, especially in things like this--where I will be learning a specific task to benefit the entirety of the organization.  However, instead of entrusting me with this responsibility, some higher-ups decided that they would use a Berkeley standard web design service, which took all of the complexities out of the design process, and simply left us with a focus on the aesthetic appeal under highly limited constraints.  Having been slightly crushed by this fact, I became steadily more and more interested in web design, to the point of joining (but not posting anything) in last semester's Piazza; needless to say, I am curious, but would like to be in the environment conducive of learning as much as possible about the web design process.	I wish to take this class because of the skills I would develop therein; these skills would see application from both personal and professional perspectives.  For one, the ability to design websites that are as aesthetic and, frankly, awesome as the ones that you have put on display would be useful for me personally; as someone that has had a constant theoretical interest in designing my own personal website/blog, this would be a great opportunity to submit myself into the best possible environment to make this theoretical dream a reality.  From a professional standpoint, I am involved in the Bioengineering Honor Society--specifically, I work with BioEHS to host the Bioengineering High School Competition that we put on each spring; as the competition is growing to the point that sponsors are more common, and we may consider further expansion to other schools in the coming years, it is becoming more and more imperative that we have a reasonably aesthetic and professional-looking website (rather than the collection of pages we have on bioehs.berkeley.edu).  Taking this Decal is thus useful to me, as it allows me to be useful to BioEHS by designing a proper website for the largest BioE-centric high school competition in the world.	Beyond the minimal aesthetics-oriented design I did for BERC, I do not have extensive design experience.
I am a second-year Computer Science student who is passionate about tech and the rising fields of data science, machine learning, and web development. As I continue my college career, I strive to take more CS, data science, and finance classes and build a personal website that demonstrates my skills and accomplishments.To supplement my academics, I love to take time off to play tennis and dance. 	I want to learn web development so I can develop and design an engaging and user-friendly website with functionality. I want to create my own website that showcases my skills, projects, and learning experiences and add really cool features like background slideshows, animated words, scroll triggered animations, and many more. In the past, I tried to go through online tutorials and videos to learn HTML, CSS, and Javascript, but I only learned the basics. I believe this decal will help me so I can confidently make my website using everything I learned and further continue my studies to PHP and React. 	I learned a little HTML and CSS but had very little practice.
My name is Riku Kohatsu. I am a junior exchange from Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan. I was born and raised in Okinawa and attended international school my whole life. Although this study abroad makes my first time coming to America, I was always more comfortable speaking in English and learning about American culture. People are surprised when I tell them that most of the teachers and students in my school at Okinawa were African Americans. I love to play basketball, listen to hip hop, see street arts, and so on. My first semester at Berkeley has been a great experience for me, and I hope the second half would be even better.	I tended to avoid computer or programming classes until I came to Berkeley because of my experience in high school. Back in high school when I had to take typing class, I would use the desktop in my classroom. And more often than my classmates, the desktops that I use would have errors or misfunctions. It was not a serious thing, but it did discourage me from learning more about computers. However, when I came to Berkeley and began to make friends, I started to interact with 	None
I'm neither a talented nor a very hard-working person, and I shouldn't have come to this university. But, now that I'm here, and I've _been_ here for so long, I was convinced to ride it out till the end. I love beautiful things and fashion and maraschino cherries and sincerity; I dislike cruelty and eggplant and hang skins and dirty things. Warm, fresh-out-of-the-printer paper, hot baths when it's cold, and being awake till the sun rises bring me joy; mold and moths marking the end of an object's use, chilly faucet water in winter, and being shaken awake by spasms and nightmares make me sad. I never learned to ride a bike or drive a car, but I can paint a mad bamboo forest and cook a fine burdock root. I want to have many children but my genes are screwed, and so are my habits. (I could never take very good care of anyone anyway.) I have OCD, but not the cute, artificial, "my desk always has to be neat" kind. I'm 5' 1", and my personality (in terms of intro/extroversion) runs inverse to those I'm surrounded by. I grew up in the Central Valley in a hoarder household, and have two older brothers.	This seems like a reasonably useful life skill. In all honesty, it's something of a resume builder. But! Setting those sorts of concerns aside, my father runs a private practice which my brother will likely be taking over one day, and I think I'd like to help contribute by doing something like this for them. I want to learn many things. Life is short and obtaining new knowledge is one of its purest pleasures.	Nope, none. The extent is copy-pasting a music player into my Tumblr HAHA
Hi! I'm a CS major from Singapore who is trying to explore the UI/UX design field :)	,y	I used to make themes for blogger and tumblr haha.... does that count?
I am currently a second-year student at Berkeley interested in web design! In my free time, I love to play volleyball, cook, and paint. I also love to work with data visualizations as I find it a fascinating how the human brain engages with information depending on the way in which it is presented. The design of an infographic can greatly influence the way the way people perceive information, but also help convey the greater context data should be presented in, and so I am interested in creating the most meaningful data visualizations. Last summer, I worked with a company to help visualize energy prices and consumption. Currently, I am currently working on a project to visualize statistics from an e-sports league!	I grew up interested in art and then found my passion for programming a Berkeley. Web design thus strikes me as an ideal way to combine my two interests. As websites are often the first impression people receive, whether it be of a product, person or company, creating the right website is thus crucial in this day and age. I particularly love looking at creative websites where unique design also maximizes function. For example, a website designed to showcase a narrative might have contain interactive features to engage with the audience. On the other hand, a photography portfolio website might be designed with minimalistic elements to fully display the photos it holds. I would love to learn how to create the features behind different types of websites.  I have taught myself simple HTML and javascript in the past, but I would like to go beyond creating a basic website and learn how to experiment with different elements to create a simple, yet elegant design. This decal would present me the opportunity to learn from instructors and keep up with ever-evolving design trends - a learning experience that is difficult to replicate through online resources. Ultimately, I would love to be able to meet students with similar interests as I do and engage in a community revolving around web design.	I do not have previous web design experience.
Hi! My name is Caitlyn, and I’m a freshman studying computer science. I’m from Saratoga, CA in the South Bay, about an hour away from Berkeley, and love my home both in Toga and at school. I love to dance, and joined a project team for AFX last semester, and really enjoyed learning new styles from my talented directors.  In my free time, especially during this long winter break, I’ve been simultaneously watching TV or YouTube, while coding remotely for a startup called Radar. I met this team at CalHacks last year and they were looking for an iOS developer to help them get their v1 onto the App Store by the end of January! I’ve been working really hard to try to help them meet their goal, and it’s been keeping me busy, while most of my friends leave the Bay for school.   I’m a hard worker and love to challenge myself. As a first year, I’m just learning about all the interesting programs Berkeley has to offer, and I really hope to take advantage of some more of what the school has for me. I’m always looking for more opportunities to learn and grow, not only as an engineer, but also as a person. I hope to meet all of you on the team in the near future, and get to know some more friendly faces around campus! Have a great rest of break!	In high school, I dipped my feet in creating products at the industry level, designing and coding two iOS applications, as well as remotely partnering with three startups in the past to help create their iOS applications. Since I’ve had formal training in iOS, I’ve always stuck to what I was good at, but was hoping to branch out this semester and learn web design.   I’ve always admired software developers who have beautiful personal websites, and I’ve always wanted to make my own website. This decal seems like the perfect community to learn web design, being an intersection between design and UI frontend, as well as programming and backend. These are all areas that I’ve tried to dip my toes into on my own time, but would love more guidance in. The most I’ve made is a website with a few text boxes and labels, and would love to become more fluent in HTML, CSS and JavaScript, as well as creating my own graphics in Illustrator and Photoshop.   Last semester, I wasn’t familiar with the idea of decals going into Berkeley and missed the deadline to apply, but in November of last year, I emailed Jemma to make sure that this decal fit into my schedule this semester. I’m constantly looking for ways to improve as a developer, and I believe learning from this course will open up so many more opportunities for me. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to apply and keeping this program going at Berkeley!	I've tried to make a simple website before using online resources, but never included a backend, and it looked pretty ratchet. I've never had formal training in web design and would love the opportunity to learn.
Hello! My name is Anita Shen and I lived in Taiwan for most of my life before moving to Irvine, CA. I am a first-year studying as an Computer Science major at UC Berkeley, but am also interested in studying Business and Economics. In high school, I taught myself coding languages such as Python, Java, Swift, and also developed two iOS applications created to limit procrastination (something I fall victim to) and increase productivity. Between juggling classwork and playing tennis or badminton, I love baking and bullet journaling while listening to lo-fi jazz in the middle of the night! 	I am a budding entrepreneur and computer programmer who values the union of the two disciplines through statistics. I actually discovered my love for the two industries through creating an organization and building a (very) simple website for it. Through formatting layouts and analyzing website traffic, I got more insight into how important it is to convey information through a clean and simple platform. I would love to take the Web Design Decal to improve my skills in effectively presenting my ideas!	I understand some HTML and CSS, but would love to delve in deeper. 
I am an international student from Shanghai, China. I love my name “Chendi” in Chinese, which means “enlightenment of the stars”. Thus, I’ve always made “enlightenment” my goal for life. I enjoy being enlightened by others, from books with ancient wisdom to my peers from different backgrounds. I write novels, play baseball and cook at leisure, while finding studying transportation really satisfying. One of the ideas I like recently is that some cities fused their cities’ identities into their transport design, such as having trams shaped as silkworms in cities that are famous for textile production. I’m also a huge Marvel fan, so one of the other things (beside this course) I’m so looking forward to this semester is Avengers 4 (Fingers crossed!)	I’ve been hoping to get in this class for several semesters and wasn’t able to because I was either on the waitlist or have a time conflict. I want to learn web design because I personally enjoy browsing through smartly-designed websites. Interested in social psychology, I also enjoy thinking into if it’s the color or layout or user-experience that draws my immediate attention and how design affects our decisions. Meanwhile, I want to learn web design not only out of my own interest, but also I believe smart web design benefits elders who won’t read through tons of information piled up on a website. 	No
Hey! So I'm Mallen, obviously, and a freshman, also obviously. I'm really into music--I’ve played the violin for 14 years, and I also play cymbals in Cal Band. I’m also an avid composer, mostly of string quartet arrangements of pop songs which only exist as .mp3’s from my composing software because I can never find enough people to actually record live versions. Additionally, I’m a big fan of the outdoors. I’ve gone on a bunch of backpacking trips, though I’d say my favorite was a six day hike up the coast of Lake Superior. Even though I'm undeclared, I'm leaning towards either a double major in math and english or astrophysics and english. Honestly, there's too many interesting things here to choose from! However, I’m drawn to such different majors not just to “hit all the bases” or something, but more because I’m fascinated by the idea of how such different things can work together and complement one another. Writing—good writing—about science can be truly amazing to read.  I’m a cat person although I’m not opposed to dogs, and finally—hear me out on this one, I know we get a lot of hate and I can only hope you’ll let it slide for me—I’m a gemini.  	So when I talked about science writing above, I kind of have this weirdly specific vision of it. Basically, I love the idea of an extremely well-designed online journal that periodically publishes creative writing about science and math. Of course, in order to even consider getting to this point, I need to know how to make a website in the first place. The emphasis on design and aesthetics really drew me to this class in specific because I feel like that’s a really vital component of any good website, especially the ones I see myself creating. Of course, I know that this vision may not completely turn out the way I think it will now, or even at all. Irregardless of that, any sort of career I envision myself in at the moment requires the skills to code and design a good website, and so for me this class seems like the perfect kick start to whatever I end up doing. 	The closest I've gotten to website design is downloading code from random tumblr web page designers, and sometimes altering a few numbers and colors to get the perfect web page design, haha. 
Despite being a Math and Data Science major I've always enjoyed graphic design as well as the designing of webpages. I created my first webpage when I was 13. Neopets allowed for the creation of a website for your pet and I taught myself HTML and CSS basics and created some artwork using Photoshop. Since then I’ve been dying to try my hand at it again. 	I recently bought my domain name and I’d like to further my knowledge of HTML/CSS and learn JavaScript fundamentals as well as become more comfortable with the backend aspect of it. 	Not entirely, as I have not worked on creating my own although I have used HTML and CSS to edit a webpage. 
I like learning about computer security and behavioral/social psychology. In my spare time, I like to listen to music, browse memes, play video games, and cook.	I want to make something cool and aesthetic to show my family :) Also looking to upgrade my personal website to do something useful but also look nice	No
I am half Chinese and half Indian which most people find pretty interesting though most people do not really see the Indian side when they look at me.  I have been coding since around my sophomore year of high school and am most experienced in Java as that has pretty much been the only language that I have used for a few years.  I love playing sports, having participated in varsity basketball, volleyball, and golf in high school.  I'm also really outgoing and work well in groups evidenced by my leadership in my schools debate club and student council.  People usually say that I am a pretty well rounded person as I do a lot of things in my free time and participated in a bunch of different activities in school which helps me get along with all different kinds of people.  Although this is my first time applying for this class I know that if I get I'll make a great addition to the course and I really hope that I am chosen!	I want to take this class because I am exploring the possibility of going into User Design.  Although I have been coding for a while I have never actually given that much thought into what area of computer science I actually wanted to go into.  With my dad being in the industry, he explained to me that the area to go into right now is machine learning; however, in my CS10 class in the fall we had a guest lecturer who talked about interface design and I became hooked on the idea of computer science in relation to art and design because I had never really seen it in that way before.  However, before committing myself to the area I want to experiment with it and see if I am any good at it, and for that reason I really hope that I am able to take this class next semester.  I want to gain design experience really early on (before I declare or even take that many computer science classes for that matter) in order to determine whether or not it is the right computer science path for me, and I believe that this decal is the perfect opportunity for that to happen.  	I tried to design a resume website though it was mostly from a template that you had to use basic HTML to fill in
Hi, I'm Jackey and I come from China. I am 21 now so I can legally drink lol, don't know if that's good or bad to me. I like playing basketball, actually crazy about it fro some time until I hurt my knee in high school and had to be cautious about this sport. l love Dwyane Wade, best SG ever, no offense to Jordan and Kobe =| This is his last season, so good for him. Father Prime Forever! Also, I love to watch TV series, and I can't wait to binge the last season of Game of Thrones on 4.14. In the meantime, I listen to a lot of music, love to go to concerts, and I plan to do more hiking this semester. P.S I got the best hot pot in Berkeley in my house.	The first reason is that I am really interested in web design and always want to write my own website, but didn't find an opportunity to do that. Secondly, I spent some time in an university data science lab back in China last summer, and I learnt Spring MVC in front end design. I think knowing how to program a website can let my have a thorough understanding about web management. Third, I don't think we have a upper division class in EECS department that teaches web design, so I think this is my only opportunity in university. Lastly, I think most of the skills that are required by interns or jobs are not taught in class lol, and I think web design is a really important skill that I really want to master. Really love to join in!	I had some experience with HTML back in high school, but it was very fundamental taught by school computer science class. And I had some experience with front end design using Spring MVC in an university lab back in China, if that helps with the decal.
I’m really into art and business 	To learn something new	No
I was readmitted to UC Berkeley this past summer term (Summer 2018) after a long hiatus. This Spring semester will be my last as I will finally graduate and finally earn a BA. I want to make the most out of this last semester so I am taking proactive steps to explore information outside of my major. This class seems to fulfill that expectation. 	To pick up a new skill. In the near future, I will be in the market for a job and I believe the information taught in this course can make my portfolio seem more competitive. More than anything, I'm curious. 	I have no experience whatsoever but I am a quick learner
Hi, my name is Lily! I am a freshman, intended Computer Science major. I am interested in front-end design, UI/UX, and AI (specifically computer vision) because I think the combination of computer science and art/design is really interesting. Besides programming, I love drawing, especially with chalk pastels and acrylic paint, but I have experience in most mediums. (I recently learned how to make animations in Photoshop!) I also enjoy playing piano, making handmade cards, playing badminton, and hiking/spending time in nature. If I’m not being productive, you’ll probably find me watching a weird documentary suggested by Youtube, browsing Facebook, or getting boba with friends. 	I want to take this class because I am passionate about combining my interests in computer science and art, and I think learning web development is a really good way to approach this. While I have very basic experience with HTML, CSS, and Javascript (though I’ve probably forgotten most of it), I would love to expand my knowledge and be able to build really cool, aesthetically pleasing, interactive websites (and maybe also finally create an online portfolio). I think this class is also a really good opportunity for me to further explore my interests in UI and prototyping and build on some of the basic design skills I’ve developed through art. Overall, I think this class will be a helpful introduction to web development and design, and I think I will find it really enjoyable. 	I have some very basic web design experience from CS Kickstart and from taking an intro course back in middle school.
I’m a senior in my last semester before graduating! I’m studying Media Studies here at UCB, and I apply my skills and knowledge toward consumer products and digital media. I’ve dabbled in graphic design for clubs that I am currently and was previosly in. I absolutely love design and digital art, and I want to build my skill set further in website design. I’m primarily focused on my club that I helped start with my friends, called Aurum Cosmetics. Our club helps promote careers in business and research in the cosmetic/beauty industry and bridges the gap between the industry and Cal students. Beauty and design are two of my passions, so I like to expose myself to as many opportunities to practice both. 	I want to take this class, because I’m tiredness of using Wix sites! I want to be able to design and customize my own website for my club or for a future job and for a personal portfolio/resume site. I think that developing web design skills will allow me to practice and fine-tune my graphic design skills and heighten them by designing the code to display my work. It’s something I’ve always wanted to learn more about but have always been intimidated by. Since I’m graduating soon, I want to take this opportunity to learn as much as I can before I fly the nest.	I have not had any, other than wix (if you count that). I did a little bit of animation in high school, but I was terrible at it! Hopefully web design will be my calling!
I am a senior EECS student, and I am quite bad at writing personal statements about myself. It's a bit ironic, as I am otherwise passably decent at writing, but there's just something about "tell us about yourself" that really puts a damper on my process. I'm the kid who sweats bullets giving an awkward, stuttered answer during icebreakers, because I couldn't think of even one vaguely interesting thing about myself in the full fifteen minutes it took to get to me. I'm sure I'm not the only one, but it just always seems to be so.  It's not necessarily that I am uninteresting, but that it is difficult to explain the interesting qualities of myself to someone who doesn't quite know me. My hobbies were always relatively commonplace: video games, swimming, and art, though I'm not very good at the latter. I enjoy good food and music, was never very informed about politics (until recently), and am generally quite lazy. I'm also soft-spoken, dislike confrontation, and have social anxiety.  The most marketable interesting thing about me happened two years ago when I was introduced to Critical Role, a Twitch livestream in which "nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons". Since then, I've become an avid fan of both the show and the game, and played/ran my first game a few months ago over Discord. I have been running that game weekly ever since, and have become very invested in worldbuilding as a result.	As any computer science student, learning web design and all the skills that come with it has a number of valuable implications for my future. However, I have developed a more specific desire to learn these skills after having taken CS 160, User Interface and Design, just last semester. I spent the first three years of my career at Berkeley plodding through various EE and CS courses, but it wasn't until I took this course that I really felt the same passion for my major as when I first applied. Since then, I have begun looking to expand my experiences and skills in design work, and one of my chief goals is in web design and development. Our society is dominated and intertwined with the internet, and web design is one of the few tools that allows you to have an independent presence online. It provides not only a presentation for work and projects, but also an outlet for personal creative pursuits.  Having struggled with mental health during my time at Berkeley, I have found it difficult to maintain drive without anyone there to care about the results. Though I am improving now, I still understand the importance of having a good teacher and curriculum when it comes to learning a new skill. As such, I would love to take this class because I know how much more value I can get out of it than struggling to progress on my own.	No
I love music, dogs, reading, solving problems, spending too much time tagging my friends in Subtle Asian/Curry Traits, and traveling/exploring with my friends and family (I recently hit my seventh continent!). My 2019 bucket list includes running a marathon, going to my first rave, and becoming a member of the Yelp Elite squad (for the free food). As a low-key pre-med public health student, I'm interested in health disparities (specifically when it comes to safety net hospitals), health education, and communication/journalism. I made the long/far/difficult move to the Bay from Orlando, Florida and I'm never going back.	For a long time, I didn't really think of myself as a "computer person." Much like business students tell EECS kids to code while they "handle the business side," I thought I would, in my career as a public health researcher/consultant/policymaker, work with someone more technologically adept to handle the data and numbers. My thinking changed the more I learned about Big Data, statistics, and web development. I realized I wanted to be someone who knew how to use data and technology, for both my own interests and the greater good. So many nonprofits, research centers and government organizations could benefit greatly from a more tech-friendly approach to marketing, communications, and outreach. This decal will be the first step towards learning more about how to use web design and coding to create something meaningful. 	None at all! I'll be running the website for the Public Health Advocate, our online magazine, for the spring semester through Wordpress
I am a 5th year student majoring in cognitive science. I enjoy cooking and running. Besides studying, I also work as an operations staff member at Cal’s Rec Center. 	I have always wanted to take this class. I need the units to reach my 13-units requirement for the semester. I have applied for the DeCal before (but I’m not sure which semester I applied), and I was rejected. I hope to apply again this semester because this will be my last semetser at Cal, and I’d really like to learn web design before I graduate. Therefore, this will be my last chance to take this DeCal. 	Just a tiny little bit. 
I'm just a not-very-interesting CS student who, by chance, has a focus on systems/backend programming. I've made a couple of programs in Python and using WPF on Windows, and I have experience with basic web programming with Python, php, HTML and jQuery, but I'm not good at HTML/CSS/Javascript at all.	Nowadays a web app has potential to be much more simple and elegant than a native program, but I don't know how to design anything using HTML/CSS. I feel that design is important and I want to learn how to design web pages.	I've made a couple of webpages before - but that's what convinced me to take this decal.
Hi! My name is Joanne and I think I am a very enthusiastic and optimistic person. I like to be happy and have fun because who wouldn’t want to be happy and fun. I also think that I can be funny but my friends and family would have me clarify that I “try” to be funny. Anyway, I like trying to do new things and go outside my comfort zone a bit which is why I tried out for dance last semester. Although I’m certainly not the best, I had fun learning this new aspect of myself that liked to dance and I hope to find more hidden passions of mine this semester. I like to hike sometimes but nothing beats just hanging out with friends like eating dinner together or watching an episode of Black Mirror. I’m also a serial binge watcher on Netflix. Some of my favorite TV shows include How I Met Your Mother, Fringe, Sherlock, Black Mirror, Friends, Psych, The Good Place, and Brooklyn 99. One of the highlights from my winter break was eating the pies that were showcased on Buzzfeed’s Thanksgiving Worth It episode about comparing food at different price points to see if they’re worth it. The earl grey pie had a subtle flavor and it was nice and all but I think I much rather preferred the Salted Caramel Pie that tasted like crème brulee. Lastly, I can bake a little and I think I’m best at making crème brulee. 	Like I said before, I am currently a student that is undecided since there are so many majors and subjects that I have yet to be exposed to that I want to explore before I make any decisions. Therefore, in my first semester of college, I took a variety of courses such as Geography and Math to an Anthropology class on California fires. Even though I may not have found my calling in any of those classes, there was always something to learn in each of them which is what mattered. I have always been interested in learning and hopefully finding a passion of mine along the way which is why I would like to take this web design decal to explore this field a little. I was looking over the website for this course and I was awestruck by the progression the example website took from the first week all the way to the last week. Once I saw that example, I thought it was really cool and that I would like to try doing something like that myself. Furthermore, the course website for this decal is interesting in itself because there were so many factors from the bright and clearly legible fonts to the simple backgrounds that add to making that website become memorable. Once I saw that, I just really thought I should apply so I could try to make a cool website too. 	I played around a bit with the weebly website if that counts. 
I want to try out different applications of computer science. Haven't had much of a chance to try web design so I thought I'd give it a shot.	I tried to make a website by myself and it doesn't look/function as I'd like it to. I unlinked it from my resume. I want to improve it enough that I can add the link back onto my resume. Also since I've already been rejected 4 times (not sure if I check the right semesters).	Not really
I'm an intended Economics/Data Science double major, but I am also considering majoring in Applied Math/Data Science because I really enjoy math and want to continue taking technical courses that are relevant to a variety of fields. Aside from academics, a large part of my identity is my creative expression through photography, and I have pursued that for years. My favorite style to shoot is portraiture and currently I’ve been mainly shooting my own projects to be published online. I have no musical talent myself, but music is another one of my passions - I love bonding with new friends over similar favorite artists, going to concerts whenever I can afford them, and losing myself down the rabbit hole of the Spotify related artists page. Whether it’s New Order, ABBA, Beach House, or Travis Scott, I enjoy it all. I’m from the Bay Area so I’ve grown up frequently visiting San Francisco. I’m so grateful that even now when I have free time from the craziness of school, I can explore new neighborhoods in San Francisco and Oakland or hike new trails in Mount Tam, Redwood Regional Park, etc. While I do romanticize the Bay Area, growing up here has forced me to be aware of my own privilege and see the drastic wealth and social inequalities that exist here, and from a young age I was inspired to work to fight social and political injustices.   I hope this provided some helpful insight to who I am and what I'm about!	I love graphic design and I have experience with Illustrator and InDesign, throughout high school and up to now I’ve created dozens of flyers for events, posters, brochures, business cards, managed social media accounts, email templates, done magazine and newspaper layout etc. I’ve also created numerous websites using WordPress, Weebly, and Squarespace, but I want to learn how to actually code the frontend and backend myself. I have a huge passion for design and I really want to learn the technical parts of digital design. I took Data 8 last semester so I have some experience with Python, but I have none with HTML, CSS, or Javascript and I feel that these languages will be extremely valuable to learn. I also hope to go into freelance design work while I’m in college to make some income on the side.	No, I've only used websites like WordPress to create websites 
I was born and raised in the bay area and am now a senior cognitive science major at UC Berkeley. During my time in Berkeley, I have taken a variety of classes, decals, have been involved in different campus organizations (SWE, Cal Running Club, Cal Rally Comm) and have held various leadership positions and internships.  After trial and error in attempt to find what I am passionate about and interested in, I realized that design and HCI is the career path I now plan to follow. I love working with others and would consider myself a good leader and teacher, as I have been a lab assistant for various CS classes as well as tutoring middle and high school students. I am always eager to learn new things inside and outside the classroom and always try to put full effort to anything that I commit to. Which I am of course planning on doing if I am accepted to this decal! Outside of academia, I am a lover of music, sports, and good desserts. When I am not in class or working on problems sets and projects, you can find me outside on a run, making Spotify playlists, watching NBA or soccer and eating more ice cream than I should:)	After taking various classes at Berkeley, I have found that the classes I have enjoyed most, are the classes that revolve around design. Taking CS160 and the photoshop/illustrator decal, I have discovered that design, UI and front-end development is what i am passionate about and what I want my career to consist of. I love using my creativity to solve design issues but also enjoy being able to create things. The thought of taking this class and learning how to build a website from scratch excites me because not only will I be learning the technical side of how to create something, but I will be able to implement my own creativity and ideas into something that reflects myself and built on my own. I have applied to this decal many times and am hoping that i am able to take it in my last semester at Berkeley and be able to not only learn more technical skills and design, but also be able to apply what I already know and improve even more. I have only heard wonderful things about this decal from friends and acquaintances and hope to be able to be a part of this experience!	no :(
Hi! I'm Brian and I'm a second year Computer Science student from New Zealand with a passion for art and technology. Having lived in the UK, the US, China and New Zealand throughout my childhood, people sometimes have a hard time grasping my accent (I’ve been told I sound Mexican). I enjoy actively communicating in a team setting, trying new food, playing squash, and convincing myself that I can cook. I also enjoy volunteering and have worked as a Youth Regional Director in Red Cross where I wrote speeches, press releases, and other promotional materials to increase youth participation in the organization.  	As someone who enjoys Web technology and who innately looks for visual solutions to design problems, I am extremely interested in learning Web design and building beautiful websites from scratch. From color schemes to graphics, learning web design will allow me to stretch my creative wings and develop my aesthetic sense. Moreover, taking this class will allow me to keep up with the latest technology and standards and pick up web design philosophies in order to recreate some of the most stunning modern design trends. In doing so, I will have the tools needed to instill ease and inspiration through my designs in our evolving online-based world. After hearing about the amazing time my friends have had in the class in previous semesters, I decided to have a look at the WDD gallery where past students who have taken this class have posted their projects online; needless to say, I was extremely impressed by some of the incredible web designs students have built from ground up, which has motivated me even more to take this class. Through its carefully crafted assignments and its passionate instructors, I believe this class will give me the best possible web design learning experience and I am excited to seize this exciting opportunity to develop new skills! 	I had some exposure to web design while working for Pioneers in Engineering (an organization that creates robotics competitions for students to develop their technological skills). However, there is still a lot of room for improvement, and I'm always looking for new opportunities to learn more!
I am a common man that has two goals in life: to develop a truly awe-inspiring physique, and to advance the ideology of Anarcho-Syndicalism to end imperialistic U.S global hegemony and liberate the proletarians of the world .	My inspiration for taking this class came from reading "Manufacturing Consent". Propaganda comes in many forms, but the most prevalent vessel is the internet. Many websites serve as media platforms to win public support for the interests of the elite and powerful. I decided I also wanted to take advantage of digital technology to counteract the forces of the private interests. I wish to create my own website to act as a populist platform to mobilize a grassroots resistance against all forms of illegitimate hierarchical structure. And one day hopefully contribute to the creation of a future where Hindus and Buddhists can trust in reincarnating into a world of peace, and don't have to hope they are not reincarnated in war-torn countries like Yemen or Somalia.	No
I am an international student from India majoring in Cognitive Science and Psychology. My interests range from graphic and product design to UI/UX and human-centered design. After graduating from Berkeley, I hope to become a UI/UX designer and work on furthering my knowledge of design thinking. I have participated in wide ranging activities in my time at highschool, such as working on designing a space settlement at NASA and singing with an a cappella group. Recently, I have found myself becoming involved with blockchain by working as a consultant for the Sutardja Dai center and facilitating IND ENG 185: Blockchain and Fintech as a teaching assistant. I love the outdoors, animals, and meeting new people!	One skill I lack as a future product designer is the ability to create websites due to my inexperience with front end development. While I have worked with HTML in the past, the extent of my knowledge and experience is very limited. I attempted to teach myself web design through YouTube tutorials last semester, but wasn't able to keep up with my resolution when my 19 unit workload picked up pace. Usually, CS classes at Berkeley are super competitive and don't have adequate resources to support everyone in the course. However, this class would be the ideal way to gain this skill in a fun and engaging environment, while having the support of the course staff community. By the end of the semester, I hope to create an aesthetically pleasing personal website for myself. Eventually, my plans are to use my UI/UX knowledge to work with NGOs and charities because I truly believe a good interface directly correlates to the number of people they are capable of attracting. This decal would bring me one step closer to fulfilling my personal as well as professional goals. 	I have dabbled with HTML in middle school and designed extremely basic websites, but that's as far as my previous experience goes. However, I am excited to start back up again!
Hi! I'm Aishani, a freshman and intended CS/DS major. Along with my CS work, I hope to explore the intersection between technology and design, especially through graphic and web design. I got an introduction to web design when as part of an intro program at Google, I helped build an interactive web app to help international travelers navigate the airport and their destination country by giving tidbits of info on the culture of the country as well as practical info such as visa requirements, airlines, etc. I wrote a lot of the HTML/CSS, and am especially proud of a postcard-themed suggestions form I implemented.   Aside from academics, I’m a member of Association of Women in EECS/CS and Statistics Undergraduate Student Association. I’m passionate about involving more underrepresented groups in STEM, as well as raising awareness about mental health issues. In my free time, I enjoy dabbling in Illustrator, listening to kpop, and exploring the world through Google Street View. 	Web design is a skill that is applicable no matter what field someone is in; since an online presence is essential nowadays for any company, a quality website can take anyone far. Given this, and my quick-developing personal interest in design, I’d love to learn more about web design through this decal and improve my skills in making impactful websites. I specifically would love to learn more about design concepts as well as how to use JS and jQuery. While I know some HTML/CSS, I’d love to know how to apply it in the most effective way, such as how to best layout elements of the website or how to use color to one’s advantage. Additionally, I wish to learn how to add interactive elements to a page using JS.   Ever since middle school, I’ve participated in art competitions and advanced art classes, and I’d really love to use my talent for creative thinking to build great websites. Currently, as a personal project, I’m working on a personal website to showcase my CS work and artwork. Being in this class and using the knowledge I learn will really enhance my website and itself be representative of my computer science background and eye for aesthetics. 	Yes, I have written some of the HTML/CSS for a web app I built with a team (more about in my introduction) and am working on building a personal website. I have, however, not done much with interactive elements involving JavaScript, and don't know anything about jQuery. 
Hello! My name is Christine and I'm a sophomore majoring in computer science (just filled out my declaration form yesterday yay!). I'm from Palo Alto, CA and I'm half Japanese and half Chinese. My favorite color is pink, my favorite cuisine is Japanese food, my favorite drink is boba (specifically, peach oolong milk tea with 100% sugar, less ice, and extra honey boba at Teaspoon, but unfortunately Berkeley doesn't have Teaspoon (yet) so Gong Cha is a second fave), and my favorite show that I'm currently binge-watching right now as I fill out this application is "What's Wrong with Secretary Kim?" (I also really, really love "Descendants of the Sun"). At Berkeley, I was involved in AFX and Chamber Orchestra for 2 semesters, and I'm currently involved with ANova, teaching middle/high school kids computer science! Next semester I hope to pick up dancing again and also try out for one of the a cappella groups here on campus (even though I've never sung in an a cappella group before!). Oh, and I also love, love cats (and well pets/animals in general) and I really wanted a cat last semester but things didn't work out as planned so I'm really hoping that I can adopt one this semester! In my free time, I enjoy getting boba with friends, watching movies & binge-watching shows, obsessing over cute Korean boys (mainly Jungkook from BTS 💕💕💕) and sleeping (I love sleeping).	I would love to take this class because, to be honest, I have absolutely no idea what I want to do in the future with my computer science degree. I started exploring different applications of computer science last semester through the iOS and Ruby on Rails DeCal, but those two classes didn’t really strike me as particularly interesting/something that I wanted to do in the future. I know I’ve always been curious about design/web design, and so this semester I wanted to branch out and try indulging myself in a more creative/artistic application of tech through this class. I have a very little experience with web design i.e. I looked at some HTML/CSS/JavaScript code and went to a short workshop during a hackathon I went to last January. Other than that, I don’t know much, and I would love to learn more in order to get a better sense of what I want (or don’t want) to do in my future career-wise.	Nope!
Coming into Berkeley, I hope to learn as much as I can and discover new interests with my time here. I hope to be able to excel in areas beyond my major and hope to establish an eye for design.  I'm from the Los Angeles area, where there is a wealth of interesting things to do. I've been active in boy scouts throughout high school, and enjoy hiking and camping in the outdoors. I also love Urban Exploring in the city, visiting cool and unique landmarks and abandoned historic locations. To capture all my adventures, I've recently gotten into photography. During my time not adventuring, I tend to be online a lot. I enjoy watching tech and science YouTube channels, as well as keeping up to date with all the latest memes on Reddit. I love reading about and seeing the crazy wonderful things that happen in this world. I greatly value the various websites available to me in exposing me to new things, giving me valuable advice, and connecting me to others with common interests and goals. 	I hope the web design decal will teach me all the necessary coding and design principles to help me succeed in creating an effective online platform. While I have no need for a website immediately, I have plans already for many of my future endeavors that will require these skills. I hope to continue expanding my photography portfolio, and eventually creating a space to showcase it. My upcoming job as web assistant will also be greatly benefited from the knowledge of these skills.  Beyond simply gaining the skills so I can build a good website, I hope that this class can teach me and expand my skillsets in a variety of things that I am interested in. I hope to get into graphic design through learning illustrator, and I know that learning the essential elements and rules behind good design is a very important skill I hope to pick up. I hope to be able to create compelling designs with what I learn in the course. I'm also interested greatly in the programming side of the class. While my programming experience is extremely limited to only Data 8, I know that learning a myriad of different programming methods and languages will be greatly beneficial. I'm always interested to find out how the many programs and websites I use are built, and taking this class will give me great insight into this, as well as help me create my own.	In high school, I was a part of our broadcast journalism program. In the class, I had a little experience using WordPress to format and write up new posts, as well as embed links, pictures, and videos. I only utilized the WordPress platforms entry boxes to create these posts.
I’m a first year from Chicago who loves graphic design and pasta. In my free time I design stickers and apparel. I also love water sports, especially water skiing, which I did competed in throughout middle and high school. 	I am passionate about graphic design and would love to learn web design in a structured setting. I learn things better in a classroom setting, so this decal would definitely keep me on top of my work and give me the opportunity to interact with students and instructors also enthusiastic about web design! 	No! 
I always didn't like the standard way of introducing oneself. That is because I believed listing facts about you were just boring and provide only tiny glimpse into who you really are. Therefore, for me, I provided a little story from a part of my life, which I think will provide a better understanding of my characteristic in an interesting way. My legal name is Joonseo, but I usually refer to myself as Mark. Surprisingly, I used to be Ricky from preschool to elementary school, and there is a reason behind the transformation of my English name. I decided to change my name because I always wanted to be manly, cool, and chic. Nonetheless, I was never the person that I dreamed of. However, my parents decided to move me from Korea to the United States at the end of my elementary school. Thus, I used this opportunity to start a new life with a different name. For me, the name Mark always felt like the name of the person with the characteristics that I always dreamed of, so I took the transition as an opportunity to rename myself as Mark. Unfortunately, despite my great attempt to start a new chapter in my life with a new identity proved to be impossible. No matter how I was called or how I tried to act differently from who I really was, there were all lies and masks that I created to hide who I really was. The mask I created only made me feel timid and introvert. I realized that I would never be confident individual unless I accepted myself for who I was. Therefore, now I am never afraid to show who I really am in front of others and always try to stay truthful to myself. Now I am a confident, humorous, bright Freshman in Berkeley and currently on a roll to finding my major. 	I wanted to take on a challenge in taking CS 61A in order to find my interest in computer science. However, I thought it was a good idea to get some support or an additional help from being part of the web designing club, which will help me survive through the semester. Also, think learning from this class will introduce me to a deeper level of computer science and coding which will help my find my interest in the field of computer science. 	No I don't have any prior coding experience. 
I am an English major looking to broaden my abilities. I am very dedicated to my work and know that I can do well even though I do not have previous experience with coding. I am also minoring in Creative Writing and love the theater world for all the magic and imagination both can bring out.	I always wanted to know more about the design and one day hope to go into publishing and editing, therefore starting to learn different website designs will be extremely helpful in my career path.	I have designed flyers and programs for the theater club I was in.
Hi I'm a little optimistic freshman who likes to laugh a lot, fly in cheer, and flip in gymnastics. I just started computer science last semester and I find it really fun. I'm excited to learn more technology related things!	It seems like a really interesting and fun class and I've always wanted to learn how to make a website. I'm also passionate about designing things and making things aesthetic!	No
       Although I am a computer science student with strong quantitative analysis abilities, I have often prided myself with my creative works rather than my academic achievements. The silly photoshop edits in graphic design or the cacophonous Garage Band mixes made after school with my friends have given me more joy and self worth than any test grade or academic project I have created. For this reason, I have been searching for an artistic product that I can create while use for my technical skills. Web design fits this goal.   I am an avid reader of classic literature who listens to Daniel Caesar, Russian rock and Biggie Smalls. I can often be found hammocking on the glade or embarrassing myself on my skateboard as I attempt to learn on the sidewalk cracks of southside. I make a mean flatbread pizza. Last semester, I really enjoyed the Hilfinger projects of 61B because of how cool it was to finally put what I have learned into a working product. I equally enjoyed my R1B and its focus on “Scenes of Sexuality”, a true Berkeley course discussing the often uncomfortable yet fascinating topics associated with sex.  After graduation I hope to eventually buy a van and travel North America. My first stop would be Glacier National Park. CS makes this dream possible as I hope to take on projects I can complete remotely. Web design, along with other products, is a skill that can definitely help me make this dream possible.	 Web design allows me to use my technical skills to artistically create practical products. Throughout my journey of studying computer science, I have been trying to find a creative outlet that utilizes what I have learned here at Berkeley. Not only do I wish to practice using my software engineering skills outside of my main course curriculum but I also want to tie in the breadth of classes I have also taken through my liberal arts education. Ethics, human nutrition, political science, astronomy, religion are all fields I have studied within the College of Letters and Science and I hope to use all of these influences in whatever I create in the future. Web design is one outlet that makes this possible. I have also taken the UCBugg Decal which helped me design and create a short animation, another outlet incorporating both technical skills and artistic vision.   The technical skills attained from web design would not only widen the range of what I am capable of behind the keyboard but will also help me critically think with a broader perspective on how to approach different problems. I hope to broaden my artistic vision with a focus on usability and simplicity, making the most out of clean designs that maximize the potential of a website. Together, along with working with peers who may have different backgrounds and skills yet share a similar passion, designing websites will be a great experience. 	In high school, I interned for Splash, a company dedicated to providing custom web pages for events. Companies such as AirBnb, Anheuser-Busch and Uber have used the platform to host launch parties and employee celebrations. Although I was working in the customer support department, not the engineering department, I was still exposed to the entire pipeline and learned a lot from both designers and programmers. 
Well, I'm an Aquarius. I grew up in the Bay (might explain my boba addiction). I've been designing since high school. As a kid, my parents put me in art classes, and though I still love to doodle occasionally, I eventually moved on from paintings to creating things digitally. After using Canva throughout high school, I recently graduated to Adobe Suite. In high school I mostly did flyers and posters, but since coming to college, I've explored graphic design more and discovered user experience design. I'm pretty certain that I want to go into UX, but I'm keeping an open mind and trying to learn all kinds of skills. Even though I am a sucker for aesthetics I do think that the process of producing aesthetics is just as important. 	I've yet to experiment with web design but I think this decal is the perfect opportunity to. I've only ever made one website without using a template or a drag-and-drop website builder, and that was created with just basic HTML. No CSS. Since studying human-centered design and user experience, I've realized how important a website can be when it comes to getting yourself/brand/company/information out there. A good website, I believe, is aesthetic while being functional and easy to navigate. Web design plays an important role in a user experience because it is one of the ways a company or person can reach out to potential users, so I want to learn the skills necessary to create well-designed websites that can make an impact.	Yes, if weebly counts.
I'm not really sure how to start this, but I like design. I like creating stuff, but I'm pretty much in the dark when it comes to coding, as my poor CS10 partner can attest to. I like really stupid jokes, and I make a lot of them. I'm figuring out what I want to study, so I'm a little all over the place. I also really love buzzfeed personality quizzes and have missed buses and trains because I wanted to know what kind of fruit I am. I also love dogs, and that's pretty much my personality. 	When I was in high school, I taught myself a very small amount of html and css to customize a blog I made, and I had a lot of fun. I took CS10, and I want to learn more about the front-end side of things.	I have very minimal, baseline experience, and it's safe to say I've forgotten a lot of it. 
I’m motivated by technology's capability to enrich people’s lives and strengthen communities, especially with empowering women in STEM. These past two summers, I partnered with the National Center for Women and Information Technology (NCWIT) and 25 other tech companies to tackle challenges facing girls within the STEM community. I designed, developed, and instructed the first ever coding camp in the greater Santa Barbara community for over 60 students, with lectures and projects on Scratch, CAD, and robot programming. At Berkeley, I am exploring the intersection of technology and social good. As a director for Cal Hacks, I helped plan the Inclusivity in Tech diversity workshop this past spring semester, where participants learned how to create technology for people with disabilities and developed a physical programming language for people who are visually impaired. This fall, I’m working towards planning the Cubstart program, introducing new students to the hacker culture through workshop sessions with mentors. As an academic intern for the introductory computer science courses, I am incredibly passionate about mentoring and taking any opportunity to teach others about the power of computing. I’m also the founder of Together to Empower, an international 501(c)3 nonprofit to educate and empower female students in technology through chapters, mentorship programs, and creative curriculum. I work hard to bring hope, education, and empowerment to both my community and to girls in underdeveloped areas through multiple diversity initiatives.	 As someone who has always been involved at the intersection of design and technology, I am genuinely interested in applying my creativity to a technological platform. I want to create a personal website to catalogue my passions and creations and, as a long time journal-lover, I also want to write publicly for the first time about my musings and thoughts about things that I am passionate about, indexing my transition throughout college. I am highly motivated and driven by technology’s power for social good, but I have yet to acquire the specific skill set needed to design and develop a website. With this course, I will be equipped with a toolbox of skills that will stretch my creative capacity and help me explore my imagination, transforming it all in a unique portfolio: a website representative of my designs, photographs and musings, and document every iteration along the way. Instead of building off of predesigned templates, I will be able to fully design and develop a website from start to finish in this course. In addition to cataloguing my projects, I can use this website as an interdisciplinary platform to connect with others around the world to catalyze social action on causes and values that I care about.	Nope! 
I'm a CS undergrad, and I'm in my last semester at Cal! I came in as a transfer from Berkeley City College nearly two years ago.  Honestly I'm not sure what else to say since a lot of the important stuff is in the next section. Hobbies of mine are always fluctuating and come in many different forms, but as of now, they are 1) learning guitar, 2) learning to sing, 3) photography, and 4) playing Rocket League. I'm also a fan of the universes of Harry Potter, the MCU, and Halo!  I'm sad that I'll be graduating this semester (it feels too soon since I've only had two years here), but I am looking forward to finishing with a bang and taking fun classes that aren't technicals :")	There are multiple reasons!  I personally don't really enjoy the upper div CS topics as much as I enjoy design. Making things look aesthetic while keeping sight of the user is something I enjoy doing! The problem is, I haven't had a chance to explore design (whether that's web or graphics) because I think I need guidance in starting and continuing the process. This web design decal would be a great place for me to jumpstart my journey with design, which for now will stay as a personal hobby of mine. I hope that one day, I can turn this into a career shift from software engineering :")  The closest I've gotten to design work was when I took CS 160 (UI Development), where we learned design principles and applied that to Android development. It's been my favorite class at Berkeley by far, so I want to continue exploring design especially since it's my final chance to do so as a graduating senior in May.  I've also heard many great things about this class. I audited a few lectures a year ago and enjoyed the topics a lot, especially since y'all teach design instead of focusing on web dev.	Nope not really, other than the few times I audited the decal. I also spent half a week on FreeCodeCamp last winter break, but it's always hard to stay productive over break 😅
Hello hello! I'm currently a senior at UC Berkeley finishing up my last semester here before heading off to the real world and a full-time job (absolutely terrifying). I've been very involved in a whole number of different activities, organizations, and clubs in my time at Berkeley. This semester I'm trying to find the line between relaxing and making the most of my undergraduate career by learning new and useful things.  Outside of academics, I love climbing, photography, trying and failing to learn the ukulele, bullet journaling, baking, camping, hiking, traveling, planning travel, hanging out with friends .... everything you need to distract you from studying! You can find me at Bridges, the climbing gym in El Cerrito, many nights of the week, and weekend-tripping around Northern California on many of the weekends.	So, my ultimate goal that I'd like to reach by taking this class is to be able to create my own travel blog website. It's been something I've been thinking about for a while now, and I realized if I don't learn now it'll either (1) never happen or (2) I'll be constrained to pre-made Wordpress themes for eternity. I've spent some time trying to work through the pre-made themes on Wordpress, and without any knowledge of how to edit the behind-the-scenes it's quite hard to make the website really do what I want it to do.  I'm actually moving abroad to Copenhagen for a full-time job in consulting after graduation, and that consulting lifestyle will entail a lot of travel across Europe + beyond. I know once I start working it'll be hard to spend time learning these skills, so I'd love to have to develop those skills and work to create a beautiful website by the time I move where I can document my travels!	I have several websites stuck in Wordpress purgatory at the moment, and I made a free Wix site for my (very amateur) photography. Other than that and updating my school newspaper website in high school, I'm pretty clueless.
I grew up in China and stayed in Singapore for a few years before coming to Cal. In my free time, I enjoy reading, watching films and theatrical performance. I also did some acting both in high school and here at Berkeley, but I guess I wasn't really good at it, and that's probably why I ended up doing Computer Science...	I learned a bit about web in CS 161 last semester and find it really interesting. It would be great to know how to create a website from scratch and maybe make a cool personal website for myself. :)	No...
I love programming, but honestly there's a lot more to me than "just another CS major."   I've been playing the cello since I was 9 and I traveled to Europe with my high school orchestra to perform in cathedrals, colleges, and parades. My friends and I wandered through Germany’s marketplace, devoured street side waffles in Belgium and marched through the narrow cobblestone streets in the Netherlands. I think about how far I’ve come since fourth grade, bulldozing my way through my first scale with twangy strings and off-key notes, thinking I was the next YoYo Ma. Joining multiple orchestras over the past nine years, meeting new friends, and traveling with my cello by my side empowered me to try new things and make the most of what I have.  I love painting, drawing, basically anything artsy. The Home Depot paint aisle could honestly be my second home. I always pick out paint strips, wonder about who came up with the quirky names, and run my fingers through the carpet squares. And that’s how most of my artistic adventures began. Every art piece I have created is a snapshot of me, in that moment, whether it was the Mickey Mouse birthday card I drew in second grade or the colored pencil depiction of the current refugee crisis. I know that art has given me the basis to empathize and express my emotions.  A lot of people don’t know that I’ve been working in labs for most of my summers. The most recent project I worked on was with a postdoctoral scholar to analyze rice plants’ arsenic uptake in future climate conditions. Aside from graphing and analyzing huge excel spreadsheets, I loved to go into the greenhouses and help with field work. In the lab I would work with liquid nitrogen, rice grains, and soils.    So overall I’m just an average artistic, musically-inclined, research-loving CS major. 	I am a really artistic person and I also really like coding. A lot of people used to ask me why I wanted to major in Computer Science because they see it as a major only for those interested in Math or Science. I don't think that "being good at math" is equivalent to pursuing a career in CS. I think web design is the coolest combination of art and programming. I also want to be able to build something beautiful and amazing using code. 	Not really, I learned a little bit of HTML/CSS on codeacademy. 
I am interested in solving social problems using computer science. I come from a normal working-class family from China. Lucky to be a freshman pursuing computer science at Berkeley, though, I never set computer science itself as my goal. Instead, I value the power of computer science to be applied in many other fields including education, music, and social welfare. I started my interest in computer science due to the demand of an internal information system from the orphanage I volunteer weekly at. After this project, I have attempted to use computer science to impact the education industry. I have led a team of four programmers to build a website connecting students planning to study abroad and teachers/mentors/advisors in Chengdu, China. I have conducted research on the user network (following/followed) of one of the largest music streaming websites in China. In a hackathon this summer, the team I belonged to developed an application to make all food sold in supermarkets traceable in terms of plantation, growth, and transportation. I would like to build on what I have learned and continue to explore the social impacts computer science can bring to humans here at Berkeley. 	I am interested in computer science for its power to be applied to almost any field. I have more than two years of coding years. After spending my first year in competitive programming and algorithms design, I turned my interest to developing applications for people in need. Currently I have a group of coworkers and I working a website targeted for students and parents who plan to study abroad in my home city back in China. The website displays teachers and advisors and connects them to students or parents. My friends and I are solid in backend development; we have already finished database design and server deployment. However, the real problem is that the whole frontend web interface is based on the Bootstrap UI framework; as a result, it cannot reveal a single trace of the theme colors of our organization. Now here I am at Berkeley, and I would like to take this course for my team so that we can later totally redesign our frontend web interface using the knowledge I learn. After the redesign, we are able to publish our product and help students and parents in Chengdu find teachers or advisors that fit them. 	Yes, but only using the Bootstrap framework
I’m an l&s cs major. I’m a transfer student and this is my second semester at Berkeley. On papers, I’m a third year/junior transfer, however, this is my second year of college. I spent one year at community college and completed everything I needed to transfer as a junior. Among many other things, I’m hardworking, committed, and easy to talk to. Although I am a cs major, I’m extremely jealous of business and architecture majors. If I hadn’t chosen cs, I would have chosen business or architecture. I actually used a phase 1 on a business class this semester and ended up not getting the class. My strongest point is my ability to feel and empathize. I’ve lost a great deal, especially in recent months, and that’s made me much more sympathetic towards and aware of the people around me. If there’s one thing I want you to take away from this, it would be that I’m a great friend to have and a lot of fun to be around. 	I want to take this class because I’m a cs major with no front end programming experience. I can code in Java, Python, and sql but I don’t know any html, JavaScript, or css. Instead of going online and watching videos on these programming languages, I believe that taking this decal with other people will benefit me. I’d like to meet more people and learn about different backgrounds and how they tie into web design. My mom spent the entirety of her career designing websites and she loved it. She passed away in September but it was her wish for me to learn a little more about web design. She’s another big source of motivation for me to take this class.	No
I am a rising junior transferred  in 2017 Fall. I am a Data Science major. I love Mathematics and when after a semester in berkeley i have developed an interest in coding and learning whatever i can after CS61A class. This Decal would be perfect for me this semester as i am taking 61B as well. Looking forward for the class.	Like i mentioned previously i have developed an interest in programmings given that all the amazing things that can be done with it and also this would be a perfect learning class for me as web development, java script is the most popular language right now in job market.	No
If I could solve one problem right now, I would make elevator floor selections cancelable. Issues like this haunt me. In the age of beautiful OLED displays, why do cars have so many awful plastic buttons, why does everyone want to make their laptop into a big version of their cell phone, and why do people still make staircases that are spaced wrong? I have similar questions about websites. Why do people put big videos on the front of their website, instead of something useful, and what happened to simple websites that would load on a spotty connection? Not everything needs to be an image, and pretty typography can be so nice.  I enjoy contemporary art. My favorite designer is Donald Judd and, as boring as it sounds, my favorite artist is Picasso. I once went backpacking in Europe to see more of Picasso’s work. My favorite painting is Les Demoiselles d'Avignon. When I’m not working on school, I love to work on art projects with my cousin. My cousin is an art major. We’ve done a couple murals, and are working on an interactive exhibit on treading carefully through nature. While I talk a big game about art, I mostly just like to make things. I love designs that work well. I contend that a good design is functional, and in doing so, becomes art. If you approach a design as art, it will be bad, because functionality is first in design. 	Superb is a club on campus that is part of the ASUC. I am part of their web team. Right now our website is a Squarespace website, and as such, it has a lot of the issues I mentioned above. Everything is a big image, and there really isn’t anything very original about it. I’d like to learn more about web development so I could fix that and make us a proper website.   My biggest weakness right now is that I have no idea how to build a GUI. I know a decent amount of C++, and Python, but don’t really know anything about how to make something a user can involve themselves with. I think that web design is probably the best way to solve this problem, particularly with the rise of frameworks like Electron that use HTML and CSS to build cross platform applications. Web design also just sounds like fun. I love to play with programming that makes visuals like Processing, and figure I’d enjoy web design the same way.	I've completed some of the Code Academy course on HTML and CSS, and have worked a decent amount with website building platforms like Squarespace and Wix.
You can call me Chloe and I am a senior student at Cal. I come from the southeast China and I am the first generation who go to college in my family.  My major is Media Studies and I am minoring in Journalism. I will graduate this summer and try to find a job in media field. I am an outgoing, patient, hard working and ambitious person.  I'd like to cook, pat my cat, play ukulele and go to gym at my spare time. I am also a peer mentor of Berkeley International Office who help new international student get adapted their life at Cal. I hope I could enjoy my last semester at Cal and I cannot wait to start my new semester! 	Through one of my Journalism summer course which taught me basic knowledge of HTML and CSS, I found out I have great passion in learning web design, so I want to know more about web design skills. I succeeded in designing a simple website with a recipe of a dish that I'd like to share, and I really felt proud when I submitted my design and got 100%. As a student of Media studies, web design is a very significant and useful skill that I need to learn. It has so much fun when I immersed myself into designing a web. When I saw hundreds line of codes transforming into a wonderful and beautiful webpage, I felt the sense of pride and I really miss the feeling. 	Yes, just like I mentioned above, I know basic logics of HTML and CSS but not too much. I am able to write a very simple HTML/CSS webpage. 
I am a fourth year looking to expand my knowledge in anything computer science/statistics related. I originally came to Cal as an architecture major looking to bridge the gap between creativity and technicality. However, my experience as an architecture major was not what I had hoped for and I was in limbo until the Data Science major came out. I am currently interested in computer security, web scraping, and full stack development. Apart from academia, I enjoy learning about design principles because I like to share my photography on different online platforms. I use a lot of photoshop when it comes to sharing my work and I like to share my photos but in a way that is not necessarily conventional (using whitespace/different borders etc.). Photography is probably my biggest hobby and I do not like to shoot on digital cameras. Some may call me a hipster but I like using film to shoot my photos because I feel that it helps me really pay attention to the settings that I am shooting at. Although there is more to me than what I have mentioned, I feel that these are principal components related to me. 	I am primarily interested in this class because I would like to learn full stack development in the near future. Although I can buy a book that will teach me the front end component of full stack, I would rather learn from people who have prior experience with web development and who genuinely like to design websites. I would also like to gain a better understanding of how design concepts are implemented into websites and why certain websites pop out more than others. I have read Design for Hackers: Reverse Engineering Beauty by David Kadavy which has helped me sort of understand the role of design but I would like to have a more hands-on understanding. This course will help me contribute in industry given that I would like to work in a web-related field once I graduate. Additionally, taking this course would help me in designing my own website once I finish it this semester. I would like to create my own website so that I could not only display my side projects but my photography as well. Overall, I think that this class would serve me well before I leave Cal and I think that learning from people here is a once in a lifetime opportunity. 	No 
I am a sophomore EECS student and the first in my family to attend a college as prestigious as UC Berkeley and the first in my family to enter a technical field. I am a hardworking student and a quick learner, and I am more then prepared to work my hardest in this class.	I want to take this class because the internet and web development has become a very integral part of computer science. As a newcomer to the field of computer science, I don't know where to start learning, and taking this class seemed like a good way to learn. I was excepted into the Fall 2018 decal, but due to unfortunate circumstances I was unable to fit the decal into my schedule, and so I am trying again this semester. 	No
Hi my name is Ed and I’m a current sophomore at UC Berkeley studying EECS. A big part of why I chose this program is because I am highly motivated and inspired by technologies ability to not only empower individuals, but also create new opportunities, and improve society. Currently at Berkeley, I’m a front-end software engineer for Cal rover. One of the most challenging projects I’ve worked on was the mars rover, which implemented AI to intelligently navigate an unknown course.  The goal was to improve robotic technology to further scientific research for space exploration. I joined Cal rover because I wanted to transform the technical knowledge that I’ve learned from the classroom into a physical device that can impact society. On the flip side, I also work as a private tutor for the Coder School. Through this, I mentor a small cohort of children for fundamentals of programming. The reason why I do this is because I believe with the right tools and knowledge, everyone is able to succeed, and I feel passionate to help others in my community. 	I want to make my own portfolio website and explore more web development.	a little
I am the part of the startup semester at UCB. I am always intrigued by user experience of a product. I am ambitious and driven, and always have a steady source of motivation that drives me to do my best. Though I'm majoring in Information Technology at my home university, I'll be attending classes at Sutardja Center at UCB learning more about entrepreneurship.	I believe in "people like what they see". Through this class I want to gain insights on user Interface and design. This course will give me an opportunity to present a product creatively to the customers. Also, DeCals are something unique to UC Berkeley, and I will like to take one, at my time at UCB.	Yes, I have had a little experience before and have tried some templates.
Hi, I'm Ziyun, a multi-disciplinary designer, currently I'm a graduate student in Landscape Architecture. My interest lies in the relationship between reality and virtual world. I love the nature, but I also want to rethink it, based on technology, to make the nature and the city better. I also love cooking, traveling, I believe everything connects with each other, and every discipline can link with others. 	I think nowadays, the web design is a basic skills for all designers. As a landscape architect, I also need to use internet, through website to show my design projects or get in touch with others, and attract more attention.	Sorry I don't have.
I'm a applied math senior with a CS concentration. I'm interested in coding and math. In my free time, I like cooking and playing video games. 	I would like to learn to make websites (obviously). I am interested in learning the design aspects of making a website. Also, I need to fill units and this seems like an interesting course to do so. 	Looked at a few lessons of Harvard's web programming course on edx
My name is Olivia Lewke and I'm a junior double majoring in Data Science and English. When I first came to Berkeley, I thought that I wanted to double major in English and Linguistics but I took Data 8 because I was told it was an exciting and useful class. I completely fell in love with programming and making data visualizations. I switched my second major to Data Science, and I’m going to be a uGSI for Data 8 after spending last semester as a tutor.    I’m also very passionate about my English major, and I believe that understanding the world through both creative and empirical lenses is incredibly important. So far the only programming courses have taken are CS 61A and CS 61B. While I have enjoyed those courses immensely, I am looking for opportunities learn about front-end work because I’m deeply interested in the creative process required by web design. I enjoy painting with water colors and acrylics, and it would be very exciting for me to translate some of my visual design skills into new forms of programming.   I love learning new programming languages and watching tutorials online, but above all else I enjoy being in a classroom with other students learning the same material. Learning has always been a very exciting process for me, and I wish I had even more time to explore different courses at Cal.  	All of the programming courses I have taken at Berkeley have focused almost exclusively on back-end programming, and I would like the opportunity to learn how to create front-end support for projects I want to work on in the future. I also enjoy the ways in which coding can be a creative process, and I believe that web design would allow me to experience computer science from a more creative perspective.   In the future I would like to try to create a website that allows users to visualize information from the public domain novels that have been uploaded to Project Gutenberg. I enjoy thinking about ways I could use my passion for English and programming, but I have realized that I am very limited by my inexperience in web design. While I can vaguely outline how I would start to write code to process the novels and treat them as data, I have very little knowledge of how I could create a website to support the back-end code.  This decal would allow me to gain very valuable skills that I could apply to other projects, and I would love the opportunity to learn these skills in a class with other students rather than by just watching tutorials online.  	Not very much, but I would really love the opportunity to learn!
I am a transfer student here at Berkeley who loves design, media, and entertainment. I grew up in Sacramento and went to community college there for two years before I started my adventure at UC Berkeley last semester. I am interested in public relations, social media marketing, and teaching as well as other professions. I am currently undeclared but I am in the application process for the media studies major at this time. I am fascinated by pop culture and know a little bit about every pop culture phenomena. I am also a huge NBA fan, especially of the Sacramento Kings and I currently write sports for The Daily Californian. 	I want to take this class because last year a friend and I decided to start a website together to post blog posts on our favorite NBA team, the Sacramento Kings. After realizing that neither of us could program, we took to Squarespace to help us build our website with a free trial. We then realized Squarespace was a terrible software if the goal is to build a blogging website. We googled which software might be useful for our cause and settled on WordPress. WordPress worked great, however it cost us $50 per year to use their services. This motivated me to come up with web development skills and avoid a $50 charge sometime in the future, while also expanding my portfolio to future employers.	The only web design experience I have is through WordPress, which is basically just choosing which graphics are preferred for your website based on preset options.
Gamer who loves to browse the internet for memes or go out with friends to try new food places.	Been trying to enter the class since I am interested in web design to create my own site. Having this as a skill could also help me in the struggle to get a job after this semester.	The only web design experience I have had before is using Wordpress and experimenting with HTML to get images on a page.
I am a transfer student who moved to the United States five years ago. I really love anything that relates to computer and if I wasn't passionate to become a lawyer and fight the inequalities that exist in this country against people of color I would have been a computer science major. One of my qualities is that I am a challenger and I will work tremendously hard, so I will always be the best candidate.	When I was three years old due to financial aid difficulties that my parents had they decided to give me up to government in exchange to receiving two bags of rice each month. (So, I became an orphan until the age of 6 when my current guardians decided to adopt me.) My step dad is a brilliant engineer who has fabulous ideas about earth and human future. However, due to his disabilities he always has difficulties with publishing his ideas and sharing them with other people. So, in exchange for what he did for me I want to learn how to write and organize a website for him, so he can share his ideas with people easier.	No
I'm an EAP student, who will be attendin UCB for the spring semester. My major is mechatronics engineering in my home university, but I am here as a mechanical engineering major	Because CS classes are not open to engineering EAP students and I really want to take a course in web development as I am currently working on a project of my own that requires me to know about web pages and web design. 	Yes, I have used HTML, CSS to some extent, and also know a little about Javascript
Well - for a Psych major I am particularly good at Math. For a Data Science major I am particularly good at Psych.   And you ask what am I going to do with Psych AND Data Science? I don't know. One thing for certain though is that I don't want to become the next Cambridge Analytica guy.   People say I do too much. But consider this - too much is a quantity you can't really measure, it's just an overwhelming lot. Kinda like infinity, right? So what different does it make to add 1 to infinity? Still infinity. So doing one more thing on people's "too much" doesn't make much of a difference. Might as well do it.  In high school I hated computer science for some reason... But hey, I survived 61B with Hilfinger, I think I am okay now. Don't love it but it's interesting enough.   I speak a little French.   I cook.  I love boba (not Berkeley boba sorry it's kinda trash boba here)  I always thought what would happen if Boba Guys is to open a store on campus.   Carol Christ should hire the UCLA person who oversees campus dining and bring us better food.   Now this is called "stream of consciousness." Well actually not really but everyone can be Virginia Wolf for a bit. 	I got into websites when I was in ASB in high school, where I took on the task to update the ASB and class websites on our school website. So there and then I got into playing with WordPress. Not much I can do with it since the theme and everything else is set. My personal website is on WordPress, but something happened.  Ironically (if you've read my response to the last question), CS 61B and Hilfinger motivated me to revamp my website with Hilfinger's love for Git. I started looking into creating a github page from scratch this winter break and things are just not working out right...  And I thought, Berkeley must have a web design DeCal - and tada, I found you!  I've dealt with websites in small ways, but I'd appreciate the opportunity to actually learn the back-ends of a website, to not only gain a skill for future uses, but to (actually) revamp my website and get off dependencies of WordPress, and help my student group build our website! 	Very little! Much of my time working on websites have been with Wordpress, which does not get anywhere near designing my own themes. I did get to understand a little bit of Html but not too much. 
I am a third-year undergrad at Cal studying Sociology as well as pursuing a career in UI/UX Design/Research. People have told me they think of me as the girl that: mentions being from Houston in every other conversation (only because Beyonce is too!), has purple eyes (unfortunately, they’re contacts), and can rap any* Cardi B song (*almost any). While my love of design is also evident, many may not know that I actually came to Cal completely unsure of what I wanted to do. I came in as a freshman deciding between Business, English, CS, and was also—accidentally—enrolled in the College of Natural Resources. It turns out, when I was applying to Cal as Undecided, I chose the option that read “Undecided - College of Natural ...” Instead of reading carefully, I thought, “Oh, I like people, people are natural—College of Natural sounds good to me!” ...oops  Freshman year was definitely a time where I made a ton of mistakes. But those mistakes also weirdly worked out in my favor. When I thought I was joining a graphic design club, Berkeley Innovation’s info session turned out to be about human-centered and UI/UX design. After years struggling to discover what I wanted to do, I walked out of the room stunned that I had found exactly what I was looking for.   What excites me most about this DeCal is that, by mastering the foundations of web development, I can be much more effective in a field I am incredibly passionate about.	Human-centered design has completely captivated me because it combines all the things I love - art, business, technology, and the people we're designing for. With my aspirations to pursue a career in UI/UX design, learning web development is an invaluable skill to gain as I move along in my career. For one, gaining this skill will help remove the barrier in creating products that I believe in. Additionally, I will be better able to collaborate with developers if I have a sense of what design choices are most feasible. Also, by solidifying my foundational understanding of web development with a formal course at Cal, I will be better prepared to learn new languages and skills on my own.   I have been wanting to take a class that can teach me the basics of web development at Cal for quite some time. I have heard astounding things about the learning experience in this course. Before a schedule change in Fall 2017, I audited part of the course, and really loved enjoyed it. However, being formally enrolled in the class provides the benefits in being prioritized by course TA’s for questions, getting feedback on the assignments, and having a class structure to guide through the learning process, which I believe would be ideal for my learning experience.  With my desire to learn web development as I pursue a career in UI/UX design, as well as the proved effectiveness of the course, I would love to take the WDD this semester.	I have experience with web design and UI/UX design, but have very limited experience with web development. When I was in middle/high school, I tried to learn web development on my own, and used sites like Wordpress in order to do so. Though I have limited experience in web development, I have coded before. In high school, I took IB (International Baccalaureate) Computer Science and have familiarity with Java; at Cal, I have taken Data 8 and CS 61A, so I have foundational understandings of Python. I have always had an interest in learning how to code, and I feel this course will be the best match since I am learning something very much in line with my career and interests.
I am a sophmore studying Computer Science and Data Science but I have always loved web editing. Being able to work with something hands on and get into the design aspect has always interested me. I've worked in the past on websites but I have never been able to go through the full process of creating one or learning how they entirely work between different platforms!	I have a strong interest in computer science and I see web design as one of the ways I can show a more "hands on" approach towards it. While a lot of computer science is theoretical, I like the small amount of web development I have done so far and I want to continue to learn how to build my own website and all about other features I have not learned!	I have worked with java html and java script before but just in editing some text and footers in some websites. I would really like to learn from the ground up!
Hi! I’m Erica and I’m a third-year studying Cognitive Science and Design Innovation. I fell in love with design when I took classes at Jacobs and working with my amazing teammates on creating new products. In my free time, I enjoy developing interactive experiences, exploring new countries and taking pictures! 	I want to take Web Design Decal because I want to build my own website. I don’t have CS background and I think this decal will help me learn coding necessary for building things. I also would like to network with fellow design-loving classmates and learn from instructors’ experience as well. 	
I'm a senior in L&S who has lived in the bay area my whole life. I have no experience in web design but I would love to learn!	I have taken an introduction to graphic design class before and I really enjoyed it. Additionally, I would like to build my own website in the future so this class would be a great opportunity for me to learn web design.	No web design experience, although I have experience in graphic design
Born and raised in Indonesia, moving here to Berkeley for college was one of the most drastic changes I've had to face. Even though it was a tough change, I always try my best to try new things. Aside from doing schoolwork, my main involvement on campus is at Spoon University as the marketing director. That being said, my hobbies include being a foodie! I'd like to think of myself as a pretty outgoing and creative person.  Recently I have also started to learn how to play the ukulele. I also like to draw as a hobby. As a sophomore, I've been trying to find a focus in my major, computer science, that I would like to pursue after graduation. One of my main interests is in doing web development. Although I am now still unfamiliar with the field, I think this decal will be a really good introduction for me.	Ever since I was in high school, I have always been interested in finding an intersection between design and technology. I have seen a lot of cool websites online and I want to experiment making one on my own with the skills that I learn in this class. After my friend recommended the class to me, I looked at the website and was really inspired by all the works posted on the decal webpage, there were things that I didn't know you could do on a website. I'm really excited to make one myself. Looking at the things that we're going to learn in the class, I really think that the skills that I'm going to learn is going to be helpful for me in the future, as I will learn a lot of practical skills. Being able to find a platform where I can express my creativity and improve my sense of design. Not only that, joining this DeCal would help me learn new programming languages and expand my ability in programming. 	No
I’m an exchange student coming from taiwan, used to be a freelance photographer. I studied visual communication back in national taiwan university, interested in design and photography field. Joined innod in photo team last semester, and this is also my last semester in cal.	Since I’m interested and kinda good at visual design, I feel like I wanna push myself a little bit forward which is wed design.	No😥😭😭😭 But I know ps/ai.
I am a junior transfer student from a community college in San Diego. I took my first cs course the year before I transferred, and have not learned web development yet.	I really want to learn how to build websites!	No
Hi! I am currently a sophomore and my hobbies include cooking, playing soccer, telling terrible jokes, painting, and sending copious amounts of memes to my friends. I love learning French and cooking because I watched the movie Ratatouille. My favorite TV shows are The Crown, Sex Education, the Office, and Game of Thrones. I am studying Data Science and minoring in CS and I have a passion for gardening.	I love learning new things. I came to Berkeley split between Haas and French and somehow I have become interested in learning Data Science and CS. I think that I am kind of artisitic and learning how to create websites seems incredibly fun and exciting for me. I would love a way to combine my passions for CS, art, and fun in this decal!	I have a bit of experience! When I was in high school, I worked on a personal project to help create a new website for my Chinese school and I also did a summer program and helped create a little website for a product we sold.
I'm an international student from Finland and graduating from Cal this semester. My four years at Berkeley have been valuable to say the least. My friends describe me as sarcastic, clumsy and good-hearted while my employers describe me as hard-working, proactive and curious. My current short-term goal is to get the most out of my last semester and make sure I'll start my adulthood with no regrets. During my free-time I like to make my own music and take photos, though I'm still an amateur in both fields. 	The idea of creating something of my own has always been an interest of mine. Whether it was creating my own music, creating my own program or creating my own poster, I've always enjoyed projects that involved careful design and brave creativity. I'd love to learn how to create websites that can showcase my creativity as well as improve my existing (or non-existing) coding skills. One of my long-term goals in life is to create my own music and I would love to create my own website for my music.   	I learned the basics of HTML a long time ago (8th grade I think)
I was always a person that enjoyed the arts. I started painting at a very young age and even dabbled in clay sculpting. I then proceeded to design student club collaterals in school. However, I never thought of design as a possible career until my most recent internship in a fast growing start-up (One year ago). I was a partnerships intern and had to work very closely with the design team for some of the partnerships collateral - even designing some pieces myself because of the lack of manpower, as with most startups. That was when I realized design is an area that I genuinely enjoy and I saw how it can play such a huge part in creating business value, which started my self-learning in design.	Design is an area that I am very interested in and even keen on pursuing as a possible career in the future. Currently, I am exploring and learning design elements (E.g Photoshop, Illustrator etc) myself through online courses and personal projects. However, I would like to not only be able to design a website but also be able to build my own designs. In addition, I think that learning in a classroom setting is very different from a one-sided online learning environment.  Constant real interaction and learning from experienced facilitators while interacting with passionate peers will bring so much more value than simply watching online lectures. I believe that so much more can be learnt in a class setting through interaction and feedback. Being in mechanical engineering, there are not many opportunities where I can learn design skills as part of my major.   Thus, participating in this decal would truly mean a lot to me and my development as a self-taught designer.	A little. I do know slight CSS and HTML from an online course I took. 
Despite that I look completely Asian, I am actually Latino from inside. My parents moved from China to Ecuador during the 1980s for work. As result, I was born and raised in a Latin country. I followed family traditions at home but also joined my Latino friends’ customs. Since my parents had workforce jobs and focused on saving money for my education throughout their lives, I always feel motivated on my studies whenever I think about their effort. I started in a community college on LA when I first came to the US. I struggled at the beginning due to my lack of English proficiency and the different environment. Thanks to the support of my family, I was able to break past my weaknesses and managed to transfer to Cal. Other facts about myself are that I am fan of Ridley Scott movies and any alien movies.	I started as Computer Science major in my community college because I got very attached to technology ever since I watched the first Iron Man movie in 2008. I took several programing classes such as data structures on my community college which were very abstract. They were very interesting classes but I felt that they were not exactly what I wanted to mainly work on. Then, I came to a sudden realization about the other key factor that made my love Iron Man. I realized that I liked to design things just like the way Tony Stark designed his suits. I searched for jobs involving computer science and design and found Web design. I started to do online tutorials for it and totally loved it. Ever since then, I knew my goal was to become a Web developer. While I was doing those tutorials, I realized that there was so much to learn about this area and I didn’t know where to start. Taking this class would help me achieve in my goal.	I followed some online tutorials and managed to create a website using HTML, CSS, and some JavaScript.
I am a media studies major senior student who is going to graduate this semester. I always consider myself as a artistic person. I love drawing, painting, DIY, photography, handcraft etc. I do a lot of DIY myself during my leisure. When I am doing thing that like that, I can always be fully focused and concentrated. 	I have always wanted to get to know web design. It is the field I have never tried, but I do have passion about. Anything about design makes me excited and attracted.   	I have no web design experience
Hi my name is Kassandra but I go by Kassy. I was born and raised in the Los Angeles area and I have a great passion for dancing and modeling. I started dancing when I was in elementary at what started as a forced, extra curricular after school stemmed into a deep love for the "sport," (used loosely because many people don't think of it as a sport.) I mainly dance hip- hop and would love to join an AFX team here at Cal. I have a really big family who has always supported me for dancing to an extent. They thought that it was a waste of time and that it wouldn't get me into a good college but boy did I prove them wrong.  I am an applied math major and decided to do so after taking calculus my senior year of high school. I love challenging myself in every way possible and would consider myself to be very creative.	I think that this world revolves around the internet and being able to use certain software to be able to draw someone's attention toward a certain website would not only be really fun but would be very useful in the future. I hope to one day create my own websites and be able to blog about dancing and my life. I think that this class would have so many benefits for me, I wouldn't consider myself tech savvy but I would really love to. 	No
I have worked as an iOS developer. And I was able to try many skills while I worked on various projects in Korea. However, I wanted to improve my developer skills and, to learn IT company cultures and systems in the US. So I came to here.	I have experience developing mobile applications, but I have no experience in web development. I wanted to learn about the new platform, so I want to take this class.	No, I have no experience.
I am a media studies major and art history minor. I used to be an athlete at Cal but just quite this year. I love art, and design, fashion, etc. I love to snowboard since I am from Colorado, and recently picked up surfing since living in the bay. 	Many of the careers paths I am looking at have some form of design element to them and designing a website would be so helpful for me. I have never been the type of person who is very good at computer stuff, and since I am very into more reading and writing based academics I would love to get some skills in computer stuff. 	Nope. 
My name is Yiqing, a senior in Molecular & Cell Biology. Feel free to call me Mike.  In my free time, I play tennis, play Chinese bamboo flute, and watch YouTube videos. Computer science has always been challenging for me (thinking back from CS 61A and B experience), but it is also very useful and I found it very rewarding when I finish a program. 	In the internship I had in the winter, I realized the importance of data management and website development for every company. For me, web design is a very useful skill to learn, which could lead me to a whole new world. There are so many different parts in web development, using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP (and stuff I don't know), and how they work together is just fascinating. From the WDD website, I was also impressed by the professionalism and enthusiasm from our staff. I really want to have the chance to join the brilliant course.	Learned basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from freecodecamp.org
I am a returning student, I worked as an electrician for 12 years and now I have the opportunity to go back to school to learn about Media. I got involved with doing electrical work by installing solar panels. For many years I have been shaping my livelihood and the daily work that I do to respond to climate change. I feel that if I want Industries to change their practices I also need to be able to change and adjust my lifestyle to more sustainable and more effective means of addressing our environmental challenges. Those changes are what brings me here to UC Berkeley, I have been an peace and environmental activist all my life and I have done organizing work and movement building alongside my career as an electrician. The contradictions of this duality has been difficult for me at times. It has been frustrating that although I am skilled as a builder the daily work that I do is not for the unhoused people who need basic shelter. Much of the work that I could get paid to do was for high-end luxury apartments or for extravagant remodeling projects. I understand the importance of a nice living space and I think luxuries also have their place but it is deeply troubling for me to so many people excluded from just basic shelter. I am now learning the media skills to better express some of the concerns that I feel and to advocate for more just social and environmental policies.  	Web sites are essential for organizing work and I often find myself frustrated with wordpress templates. I want to be able to tell stories and convey information quickly and effectively through photos, art and text and I want the pages to look unique with a logical design that is customized for the content. I have been fixing up the website of a local organization that I volunteer for and it is important to me that the site does not look like just another template. I want to be able to easily add design elements to the site and incorporate web based management tools to aid in scheduling for volunteers, managing equipment and storage and distribution of perishable resources.  	I have some experience with Wordpress
I am a senior with a major in Cognitive Science, completed last semester, continuing for a final semester at Cal to complete a minor in Computer Science. While I have a passion for the topics related to neuroscience and computing which constituted the majority of my coursework, I also have a strong passion for design. Over my years at Cal I have nurtured my passion for design by taking decals in human-centered design and Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator as well as the Jacobs Design speaker series. I have also attended multiple independent instructional events hosted by Innovative Design (a student org) to learn multiple design related skills that I had no prior experience in (photo editing, UI/UX, etc). These courses quenched both my affinity to solve problems under a user need-centered paradigm as well as my desire to express artistically while I was enrolled in them, and I am very excited to learn about web design as my next design endeavor, as I see it as an essential skill in today's world -- companies in retail, entertainment, news, social media, and virtually every industry have some internet presence that requires an intuitive and beautiful website in order to be effective. Beyond my coursework, I was a CalHacks finalist winning 4th overall this past year (among other recognitions) and am continuing to work on the project with a grant through the CalHacks Fellowship. The project consists of an intelligent indoor fire detection system that uses computer vision, an IoT hub of sensors, and a shortest-paths algorithm to identify fires and at-risk persons in an indoor environment and direct firefighters to at-risk persons by displaying pertinent information and directions using a heads-up display; the project exists at the intersection of my passion for problem solving, computer science, and design. I would like to take the skills that I learn in this class and be able to make a website for the project as it advances to later stages in its development. I would also like to take the skills that I learn in this class to make a website portfolio for my projects as I am currently recruiting, and perhaps later make a website for my musical endeavors (I am a member of UC Jazz, performing on trombone and also playing piano and bass less frequently).	I want to take this class because I believe that the ability to make a beautiful and accessible website is extremely important in 2019, as users expect a pleasant and efficient experience when engaging with a web interface. The need for good web design is ubiquitous among all industries that use websites, which in this age is nearly all industries. Thus, I believe web design should be taught to everyone who holds an interest in it, but web design education is lacking in the standard American curriculum. I would like to take this course to address this lack of web design education in my overall design education that I have pursued at Cal. Having taken decals in human-centered design and Photoshop/Illustrator, I have found a passion for pursuing projects which revolve around user needs and create products that meet these needs in aesthetically pleasing way. For example, I am working on an intelligent indoor fire detection system that outputs pertinent information to a heads-up display worn by firefighters to efficiently direct them to at-risk persons in a burning structure. This project exists at the intersection of computer vision, shortest path finding, sensor IoT hubs, and an easy-to-use heads-up display that integrates the information with good design and usability; this project is the culmination of my education in and passion for computer science and design. As an artist, I hold an interest in making things that are interesting to look at, and I believe that this course stands at the intersection of art and utility in regard to expressing information on the internet. As a senior currently recruiting, I would like to apply to and be prepared for the many jobs I've seen listed that require a demonstrated knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. I want to make beautiful websites that work well and make for an intuitive and enjoyable user experience. I've learned about functional and aesthetic design principles through my courses and Innovative Design events such as HEX, and I would like to apply these concepts to making a website. I've had an interest in and applied for the Web Design Decal since I was a freshman, and would hope to take it now in my final semester at Cal.	I've had very basic self-taught exposure to HTML in 2012, only to the extent that resembles what is posted in week 1 - 2 on the Web Design Decal website. I don't remember it well.
Hello! My name is Lovi Nordgren and I am a Swedish exchange student who studies economics at Berkeley. In my spare time I like to paint, create projects in photoshop and cook. Last semester with all the new experiences that the previous semester offered, I unfortunately did not take part in any creative courses. This semester, which unfortunately is my last at Berkeley, I would love to be a part of a creative community like yours! 	I love to have an outlet for my creative side and get the opportunity to create something awesome. I have always wanted to learn how to design websites and I can most definitely say that I will have great use for these skills in the future. In the future, my goal is to be able to combine my education in economics with my creativity and hence it feels like an obvious choice to apply for this course. Also, this would be a great opportunity to get to know new people sharing the same interests as I. To summarize I am incredibly interested in taking this course and getting the knowledge in web design you have to offer. 	r
second year bioengineering student with an intended minor in german. loves literature and books but believes in the lowercase aesthetic. slytherin but not haas. curious, creative, and versatile.	i'm interested in the ways in which both written and visual information are presented. i would like to integrate my eye for the aesthetic, passion for writing, and (newfound) interest in front-end work to create a final product that i can learn from and be proud of. design has always been a gentle reprieve from the monotony of classes, and i hope that this decal can bridge the gap between my artsy side and my studies in a highly technical field!	no, unless familiarity with wordpress counts.
I'm a blogger and a brand ambassador for Abercrombie! I transferred to Cal this spring and im super excited because this has been my dream school. I'm a local here in the Bay Area and if i had the chance with nicer weather, id love to try sailing more! I swam for 14 years and was recruited to swim on NCAA teams around the country but realized my heart belongs to Berkeley. 	The line of work that I want to go into requires me to know some of this coding specifically with adobe. I want to build my own personal website and understand what these codes mean and what I can do with it. My hopes is to enhance my skills so that I can confidently say that "Yes, I know how to use HTML (i.e)" 	I used the general layouts given to me on Wix and Weebly. 
I am a junior from Boston, MA studying Computer Science with an interest for iOS mobile  development and software development in general. In my free time, I like to skateboard, Chinese paint, take photos, make apps, and play the guitar. 	I am looking to expand my skillset to include Javascript and related languages to build Android mobile applications and websites in general. I have heard great feedback regarding the effectiveness of this course as an introduction to HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript/jQuery, and hope to develop a foundation in these languages/tools on which I can explore further in the future. I also would like some more insight in design strategies and UI/UX, so that I could incorporate these skills in personal projects or future employment. 	I have worked a little with Javascript and HTML, but don't have enough experience to create my own website or applications. 
Hi! I’m Micah. I’m mostly Chinese, but my grandma is Indonesian. I’m a freshman at UC Berkeley intending to study computer science and economics. Last semester, I spent most of my time studying for my classes, bonding with the people in my dorm, and adjusting to the college experience. This semester, however, I want to dedicate more of my time towards learning skills outside of my comfort zone, such as designing websites.  I’m fascinated by emerging technologies, cost optimization problems, and people around me. For fun, I enjoy skateboarding, jamming to music, and cooking for others (although I’m horrible at it). In the future, I hope to apply my technical skills to difficult financial problems that people face, such as student debt.	This past semester, I participated with a team in Cal Hacks 5.0—and I loved it. All of us were taking CS61A and we were excited put our knowledge to practical use by creating something awesome. That sounded corny, I know, but I can’t phrase it in any other way. Our idea was to create a web app similar to Yelp that would inform users on the safest location to go during a natural disaster. However, it wasn’t long before we discovered that the theoretical foundations taught in CS61A weren’t enough to easily turn our idea into a user-focused web app. So, I improvised and taught myself how to use Figma and Adobe Photoshop in order to prototype our idea. The result appeared to be a beautiful and useful web app, but the functionality just wasn’t there.  During winter break, I taught myself the basics of HTML and CSS by going through YouTube tutorials and HTML5 Documentation. I learned how to create very basic programs such as an interactive tour of Berkeley, a timer for Pomodoro study sessions, and a subpar About Me page on Mozilla Thimble, an online code editor. However, there’s so much more for me to learn. I want to take this course not only to create beautiful and functional websites, but also to join a community of people that want to use online platforms to help others.	Very little/no experience.
I'm a junior at UC Berkeley. I dropped out of school this past semester to do an internship but I'm back ready to leap back into the world of midterms, finals, and crying after 6 months away. I like boba, oski, memes, and skiing. I think after I graduate I want to be a software developer of some sort but I'm not really good at coding (yet) and my parents are pressuring me to become a doctor, but what they don't know is that my grades are in the dumps so that's incredibly unlikely. I guess I could try but it's also just not something I want to do with my life. So yeah, that's me. 	I've tried to learn web development on my own for a long time but I think I would really benefit from the class structure and TA support. I know some stuff but I feel like I'm still missing a lot of knowledge on the subject. How exactly does the backend connect to the frontend and why are there so many languages? I really would appreciate taking this class. 	A little bit by making my own static website. 
Hi! I'm currently a senior in my last semester at Cal who constantly seeks to learn new skills. Because of this, I've learned that I have considerable talents in activities like baking, radio broadcasting, and photography. All in all, I am someone who tries to cultivate my creative side as much as possible.	Once upon a time I considered majoring in Computer Science. Upon realizing that I had no real experience in programming or coding, and knowing my aversion to mathematics, I eventually figured out that it might not be the best thing for me to study at UC Berkeley. However, I still want to learn web design because I consider it to be a very valuable skill, but also something that allows me to exercise a bit of creativity.	No I do not.
Although I am a MCB major, I have always taken up an interest in multiple fields. In Berkeley I have taken classes on anything from city planning, to CS61A, to Econ1. This is in part due to the fact that I have wanted to try different majors, and taking these many different classes has been both a blessing and a curse. The benefits of trying out different fields include allowing me to experience different courses without having to commit to specific majors. On the other hand, taking these many courses is an effect of my indecisiveness and need to plan out everything. However, whenever it comes to major decisions like choosing a major, I know that I have explored every possible avenue and am sure of my decision.   For my more artistic side, I have taken up an interest in photography over the past five years and also indirectly, design. I have always enjoyed photography as a way for capturing instantaneous moments in time that would otherwise be lost forever. The more experience I got, the more I framed photos in different ways, and played with lighting and color. In a sense, I was using photography almost as a graphic design. Some of my favorite subjects include landscapes / cityscapes, night photography, and portraits. 	I have taken several computer science courses both in Berkeley and in high school, yet in those courses I didn’t get to build and design something with my code from scratch over the course of a semester. This has usually left me feeling that my CS classes didn’t seem to have a visual result. Although understanding the underlying logic is crucial to being a good coder, I have struggled to see how code can have such a front facing impact like with web design.   I also have always wanted to design a unique site of my own, different from templates common to website builders. Since I have taken the hobby of photography, I have wanted to showcase my work on a website that I designed and created on my own. The Web Design Decal will allow me to artistically present my photos and teach me how to build / design the site itself. Further in the future, I would also use what I learn to apply to future gigs for companies or organizations that may require what I learned.  My hope is that with this course, I will be able to learn the web design and coding skills that can be both applicable and useful. 	The closest to web design I've gotten is using website builders such as Wix.
Born in California and raised in Indonesia, I think it's best to tell about myself by firstly talking about my unconventional background in Materials Science & Engineering. Back in high school, my passion in Materials Science came when my high school friend and I decided to enter this international science fair. We worked on a project called CRAB Plastic: "Chitin-based Residual-waste Adsorbent Biodegradable Plastic". I learned so much throughout the process about environmental conservation and I felt so much satisfaction being able to give back to society.  However, I felt that I wanted to try give back in another way. At that time, seeing the countless cyber fraud and scams circulating throughout my country, I was really interested in cyber security, but I didn't have the resources nor the knowledge to figure out where to start from. Finally in Fall 2016 I was admitted as a Materials Science & Engineering undergraduate at UC Berkeley. Yet I was so fascinated by the technology and computer science hype going around in the Bay Area.   I decided to try an internship as a Business Intelligence intern, where I coded mostly in SQL and a bit in Python. Then I tried working as a Fraud Analyst intern and I loved it. Finally I switched my major to EECS and finally did an internship as a Software Engineer, and I realized that's where my true passion lied in. Now I am pursuing my passion in Computer Science and trying to improve my coding skills everyday.	My goal is to create and deploy my personal website by the end of this semester. Aside from that, I want to learn methods for designing websites as I have ideas for web applications but don't know where to start when it comes to designing the front-end.	Yes
Growing up, I was always surrounded by artists. Thus, art has always been a huge part of my life. In fact, the earliest gifts that I can remember consisted of color pencils and paintbrushes (thank you, Santa). As I began to use the computer more, I started watching Youtube tutorials on Adobe Programs. I was determined to learn how to use these applications, but fear of potentially downloading viruses onto the family computer prevented me. As more Christmases went by, I was gifted my first personal laptop. Excitedly, I torrented Photoshop and Illustrator and began to learn how to create digital art. I continued to develop my growing interest in graphic design and was absolutely awed by what could be created through these programs.   Then, I realized that Photoshop could even be used to flawlessly and creatively edit photos. This discovery inspired me to become involved with photography. Over the years, I combined my love for the outdoors and for friends to capture timeless moments. Besides design and photography, I love exploring the beaches, climbing mountains, driving an absurd amount of time to eat delicious food, and just lounging around like a potato.   Currently, as a sophomore, I have really been interested in UI and UX design. Though I have had limited experience, I find the process of designing applications and websites to be extremely exciting and rewarding. I am really motivated to learn how I can apply and develop my skills in design to applicable platforms such as websites.	From a young age, I was really able to develop my interest in design when my mother opened her spa on the side of the freeway. I designed brochures, created the business cards, and asked neighboring stores to put our advertisements on display. To further promote her business, I even created and helped develop a small website using Wix. As the spa attracted more customers, I understood the connection between business and design. I saw the huge impact of seemingly negligible artistic elements such as font size, boldness, color scheme, etc. Little did I know that experience would lead to my interests in product and web design.  While I have gained a greater appreciation for the impact of web design, I do understand that there is still much to learn. If given the opportunity, I would be thrilled to learn how to create websites beyond the restrictions that Wix or Squarespace provides; I want to learn how to create and design from scratch in order to gain a more thorough understanding of web design. I would also want to learn and acquire new skills regarding HTML and CSS as I believe that these skills are very pertinent to my personal and professional interests. I am excited to have the opportunity to potential learn about something that I am passionate about in a novel, challenging, and refreshing setting.  Thank you for your time!	Website building and design from Wix and Squarespace
I am a transfer student originally from Moorpark College. I originally transferred in as a Bioengineering major in Fall 2017. I couldn't switch to EECS since changing engineering majors is prohibited as a transfer student, so I looked into CS L&S. After being told by Berkeley faculty and counselors that I would not be able to switch to CS L&S due to time constraints at Berkeley, I was left with a hard decision to make. I fell in love with Computer Science after first coming to Cal, and being faced with the possibility of not being able to major in it was daunting. I had already overcome much worse in the past, growing up with an alcoholic mother and overcoming drug addiction in my teen years has made me a strong individual. To make things work, I transferred to Georgia Tech for the Spring 2018 to get on track to become a CS major at Cal. I then readmitted to Cal in Summer 2018 and I've now completed all the prerequisites and GPA requirements to be a CS L&S major! 	The majority of classes at Berkeley expose students to the backend side of computing. Being relatively new to computer science compared to some of my peers, I know very little about front end development. I have always heard people talk about creating their own websites using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. I've always wanted to learn how to make my own website and explore my creative side through frontend computing. The only front end I've ever encountered was making a basic music player through JavaFX in my Intro to Object Oriented course at Georgia Tech. I had a lot of fun making the music player. It felt as if I was creating art through computing. I'd love to explore this more and see where it leads me as a computer scientist. 	No.
I am a Taiwanese American Junior studying Cognitive Science. I was born and raised in Berkeley and I've got hella love for this place. My love for design started when I took Graphic Design in high school with an incredible teacher. It's since changed my perspective to include major appreciation for the artists in the world, for things big and small (physically, and not), a consciousness of how design decisions affect my life and lives around me, and a keen aversion to Papyrus. I learned how challenging, detailed, and fun design could be. I've also since dabbled with creating designs, making random graphics for fun from time to time. 	I have obsessively stalked http://webdesigndecal.github.io/showcase/ for the past two years, admiring the works of past students that took this decal and aspiring to one day be able to create something as cool and creative and take this class. Unfortunately, I hadn't been able to apply to this decal since, as the lecture time always conflicted with my commitment to a position I held in a campus club. I am so excited to finally be able to apply to this decal and I know that if I get in, I will put 110% into this class. I want to learn from everyone in the class, and end up with a creation I'm proud of sharing with the world. I want to use the skills I learn from this as a foundation to keep building skills and more elaborate projects that I hope will make this world a better place, cheesy as it sounds. 	I completed the introductory HTML and CSS lessons on Codeacademy last summer. I have also created websites using Wix. 
I am a Singaporean who is passionate about sports. I love me some exercise and I am always up for any kind of ball games. I love playing computer games as well! 	I think web design is an important skill to have, even though it is complicated because it requires both coding skills as well as the ability to make things look aesthetically pleasing (which is more difficult than it sounds, to be honest). Since everything is happening on the internet right now, for a business to prosper on the online platform, a good web design is fundamental for it. 	none at all :(
I am an international student from Dubai who is extremely passionate about designing (especially since I just completed the Brand Identity Graphic Design decal). As per my major, I will be declaring Psychology this semester along with (hopefully) Cognitive Science by next semester. I enjoy watching a lot of TV shows, movies and drink boba but my favorite part about California are the avocados. 	Since I have been a part of multiple marketing and designing clubs in Berkeley, I finally decided to take my friend's advice (someone who took this decal 2 semesters ago) to apply for this decal. I would watch him work through his website and would often try to help him which is when I realized that maybe it's time for me to learn this on my own. I have recently been trying to understand my capabilities when it comes to designing (hence why I learned graphic designing) which is why I decided to learn about web design. This decal would be the perfect opportunity for me to challenge myself to succeed in a new field. I might not be as experienced as other members, but I do know that I will work hard to provide my best quality work. I pushed myself to self learn Photoshop and Illustrator to succeed in the Brand Identity Graphic Design decal which shows that I am a fast learner and I am ready for any of the fast paced learning needed in this decal. 	I personally do not but I have seen my friends navigate through the projects so I have some idea of what it entails. 
Hello, my name is Paxtan Laker and I am a sophomore studying Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Most of my undergraduate career has been spent take a deep dive into a topic I obsessed over as an adolescent. That topic is virtual reality.   I am currently a lead VR DeCal facilitator, Project Manager for an undergraduate research team, Officer of VR@Berkeley, and HAB team member in Space Technologies at Cal. These activities generally define my work life and passions but outside of these activities my life can be summarized as being a huge nerd.   I am constantly doing a sort of 'breadth-first search' into hobbies in my personal time until I find something I am fascinated by and then obsessing over that hobby for a small amount of time. Examples of this includes the board game industry, the reality TV show industry, and the NFL. These things don't define me, but I feel like the big difference between all those activities show how willing I am to try new things. 	During my first semester at Berkeley I took the VR Development DeCal and was immediately entranced with how much a student-run DeCal could teach you. I was recruited by the DeCal team after the class because of my efforts and I am now proud to say that I am one of the lead facilitators for the VR DeCal! As someone developing a curriculum that is being taught to dozens of students each semester, I try to push myself to take more DeCals to see what I can learn to improve the VR DeCal's curriculum.   Generally that would be the single truth for most DeCals I take, but in this case specifically, I really want to take the course for my own personal development. I have always been amazed with the design variance from website to website and wondered what I could do myself. A lot of my undergraduate career has been spent on research into UX/UI (specifically for VR but the design principles are surprisingly applicable) and I think depriving myself from something as fundamental as web design would be silly.   This DeCal would be an amazing way to learn a skill that I have always wanted to learn. 	Not really; I tried to use Wordpress once and it went 'alright'.
My name is Jeong, but I go by Angela. I am a 4th year student in my last semester at Cal. I am originally from South Korea, but I moved to the U.S. when I was 9. I am working at Safeway Pharmacy as a pharmacy technician, and I am the president of the pre-pharmacy society called PILLS. Currently, I am interviewing for pharmacy schools. I love to learn skills that are not related to the sciences - I have taken the InnoD Photoshop and Illustrator DeCal, took a knitting DeCal, and joined a broadcasting organization to learn to make videos. I find learning all these programs fruitful and exciting, and I hope to expand my knowledge in many more of these so I can use them in the future.	I really want to take this class because I want to make a blog site. I love taking pictures (of food, places I go to, etc.) and sharing my life with my friends, and I want to share that with the public. I've looked up ways online to start, but I find it really hard to follow and make something that I have in mind. I believe taking this class will teach me the skills to make a beautiful website that matches the outline that I have in my mind. 	Nope, absolutely no experience.
I am a premed student that also does drawing as a hobby. My current goals in life are to become a Physician Assistant (mostly for the money to fuel my hobbies) and create a comic some day.	I am interested in developing a website for future goals in my life and maybe even switch professions. I am not 100% sure what profession I want to do after leaving college and my sister recommended being a Web Designer, so I wanted to see what it would be like.	No. :(
I am an aspiring educator and self-taught editor who enjoys writing stories, making films, watching anime, and creating dank works in Photoshop. While I may not be the best, I constantly work towards honing my skills and integrating my content into my everyday life and work. I enjoy spending my leisure time learning different sets of skills like cooking, photography, or playing an instrument. I have learned some coding in the past, but never really learned how to apply it in my daily life. I'm hoping this class will change that perspective. Although my major isn't EECS or CS, I understand technology and the internet play major roles on our daily lives. Websites, especially, are the face of most companies and services which I have had the pleasure to work for as a former Summer English Instructor in Japan, Student Facilitator for LA's Educare Foundation, and current assistant for Berkeley's EHS Training Department. My concentration in the Department of American Studies focuses on Public Education and I enjoy exploring various methods of making learning a fun and engaging experience that stems beyonds the words in a textbook or classroom. 	I previously attempted to learn how to make my own website, but found it difficult to follow along Youtube tutorials and learn the most efficient techniques to creating my own websites. I love creating films and learning how to edit photos in photoshop so I am hoping to expand my skills by learning how to code and create/design my own online page where I can share the content I create. I have been told there are number of great ways of creating websites using online website builders, but I personally feel there a greater sense of learning and accomplishment when you design and build a website from scratch. There is also more to it than writing lines of code into an editor so I am hoping to enroll in this decal and learn a little more about the design process that goes into creating the user-friendly and visually appealing sites many people use today. I'm sure there is a lot of hard work put in and I'm interested in integrating my own creative works into the websites I would create.	I have no previous experience with web design experience with the exception of a course I took on Code Academy.
My name is Ismael Javed and I’m a transfer student from Sacramento, currently studying EECS as a third-year student at Cal.   Throughout Community College, I engaged in several activities, but I really tested my limits in my last semester there: with a high-unit technical course load, I worked as a private tutor and held two separate programming occupations, and I participated regularly in two STEM clubs. While these experiences developed my passion and drive for computer science, being involved in so much made it difficult to engage myself in one subject or task, so in some situations, I only got a surface level understanding or experience.  Aiming to avoid the same mistake at Cal, I set two goals for my first semester: focusing on academics and building community. I took a lighter course load to have more time to study and utilize academic resources, and I also formed bonds with many people in the Muslim Student Association through social gatherings and IM sports. I also went home nearly every weekend to spend time with my family and also to restock on food.  This semester, I aim to develop a routine of good habits and to build myself professionally. I'm trying to establish a good sleep schedule and gym routine, so that I can spend my time more efficiently in the week. I'm currently looking for a summer internship, and I would also love to join an organization or Decal that will help me improve my professional skill set.	My favorite part of developing is the moment when, after working for hours on end, I get to see the practical use of something that I created. Furthermore, I know that I want to be a full-stack developer, so I could have the ability to build and understand something from the ground up. This would involve learning everything from data management to UI, and for me particularly, web development is a weak area that I need to improve on.  Most of my programming experience has been on the back-end, and the minimal experience that I have had with front end hasn’t been great. While working for the State of California, I worked on coding small JavaScript functions in an Angular framework, but I didn’t understand the larger connections to HTML. I also attempted to create a website for my private tutoring endeavor through WordPress, but I kept making changes to the CSS to tweak the appearance of different elements, until the project became unmanageable. I felt unsure about the quality of my methods, and this poor outcome following a large time commitment deterred me from working on the site altogether.  I haven’t yet taken the initiative to learn the best practices of front-end web development, and that’s an obstacle that has hindered my growth as a programmer. I hope that I have the opportunity this semester to take one step closer to becoming a better developer, so that I can overcome this barrier and pursue my ambitious goals.	Yes, although it was narrow and sloppy! This is expanded on in the previous questions.
I used to be an art student and I guess my art peaked in my AP 2D design class. I also ran a website that translated Chinese webnovels into English for 3 years before stopping. Currently, wordpress says the website has over 7 million views. 	I gained about a thousand dollars from the website before wordpress stopped paying me. Why? Well, apparently, bots had inflated the number of views on my website. Angry, I didn't want to use wordpress as my platform any more. I'd turned on ads after around 3 million views anyways so the majority of my views came from before I'd made any money.... My goal is to create my own platform to upload all my previous material.  	No
I am a third year Computer Science major with the goal of moving into software engineering as a career. I really enjoy solving problems with programming, but I am ameeking a better appreciation for Frontend development. 	I think it's important to have exposure to a wide variety of types of software development. Web development especially regarding JavaScript is something I definitely want to understand but have had trouble self-teaching. I'm seeking a classroom environment because I fine I'm often a lot more successful in this setting than on my own. 	I was the Webmaster for Game Design and Development at Berkeley last semester. I was entirely self-taught, meaning things took a lot longer than they should have. I also used Material Design Light to avoid using JavaScript. 
I am have delved in game design, app development, 3D modeling, and graphic design and I wanted to be able to consolidate all of these into a single website portfolio. I recently only got into coding since freshman year of college and prior to that I was a full on business intended so I have experience with start ups and business plans. On my free time I rock climb, cliff dive, game, and draw/3d model. My so far most serene place I would recommend that isn't too far is Abiqua falls in Oregon.	Last year I bought myself my own domain name; however, I was never content with the quality of the website that I made, so I decided the best place to learn more about how to create a professional website would be this decal. Since I have had many friends take this decal before i know that the quality of website that come out of this decal are no joke and i hope my website will turn out the same. 	I have created a few underdeveloped websites for hack-a-thons and one for a past project, but nothing that is too showy or visually appealing
Hi~ I'm Frances. I'm an aspiring graphic designer who spends way too much day dreaming about travelling the world. I was born in Taiwan but spent the last five years in Vancouver. Occasionally I play tennis (I'm pretty competitive) with my friends and can bake some real good cranberry scones. p.s. I own a black pet bunny named Cookie:)	I've always wanted to try website design but never know where to start. I applied to this Decal in my Freshman year, but now I want to join this class even more because I want create my own portfolio website for the things I draw and design. 	No...I don't but I do have some graphic design skills. Hopefully that'll help me learn.
I really enjoy programming and building things from scratch. I have some experience with mobile development and with Java, Python, and C. I took numerous classes at Cal and have developed personal and class projects along the way.	I have always wanted to learn web development and design beautiful websites, but never had the opportunity to do so. I'm also considering doing web design and development after graduation.	No, I don't have any previous web design experience but I'm really anxious and excited to learn!
I'm a student who prefers some structure in learning, and I'd prefer a class over scouring through online resources. I appreciate good design philosophies, and always welcome opportunities to learn new perspectives.	There isn't really a class that covers web design and I'd appreciate in-person guidance as you guys have pitched in your description. More importantly I'm interested in learning about making good design choices and intuition for good UI/UX, which I'm hoping I'll be able to do through this decal.	not really
I am studying Business Administration and Latin American Studies. I think of myself as a creative and practical individual which is why I am attracted to marketing, advertising, and sales as possible career choices. Because of the short-attention span of consumers now a days, visuals are key to enter into their minds. Therefore, I want to be able to create digital content (in the form of websites).	I am enrolled in a Haas course that includes some web design elements and I would like to take this course to serve as an adjunct course. I have been fascinated with web design but have been intimidated by my lack of coding experience. I would like to get hands-on experience and overcome that fear.	No 
I am a 31 year old transfer student to UC Berkeley about to go into my final semester! I am a San Francisco native and over the past several years I have worked as a counselor for at-risk youth, a fine dining server at top SF restaurants, and most recently bartending for a top cocktail group. After graduating I plan on going for an MBA and am currently preparing for that by taking business classes through Haas. 	Growing up in Silicon Valley during the early 90s I was raised with computers and excelled at them at an early age. In the 5th grade I was even a "software reviewer" for Mac Addict Magazine. Then my focus shifted to many other things and I no longer have a great grip on technology. My father is a mechanical/software engineer and he has encouraged me to take a CS class while at Cal, and this seems like a perfect way to familiarize myself with programming!	No, with the exception of an elective class I took in 2000 (7th grade)! I don't remember much of it and I'm sure it's not relevant to our current technology :)
I am a senior studying computer science, I love working on small projects like mini iOS app. I enjoy exercising, drawing and watching sitcoms. I have two cats and they are cute and funny. I am  born and  raised in Hong Kong and therefore, I love dim sum.	I tried to self-learn html and css online before but the online material is not well organised and made me confuse. Therefore, I really want to learn how to create a beautiful webpage  but not using the website builder online. I am interested in using javascript to make the website more interesting, so I would like to learn more about it.	I learned basic html and css online before and I created a very simple personal website:  https://amychan1130.github.io
Hello, my name is Warren, I’m currently a 3rd year studying both data science and design. More specifically, I’m interested in studying design principles, and how they can be used dynamically across a variety of fields. I spend a bit of time reading about perspectives and design philosophies of different artists and designers. Most recently, I’ve been reading graphic designer Paul Rand’s Thoughts on Design.   Previously, I intended on majoring in MCB, primarily focused on stem cell research, but ended up switching over to studying design and data science. I’ve always loved bringing unique ideas to life, and observing the peculiarities in our everyday life. As a result, I often felt constrained working in a research lab, and found much more freedom and enthusiasm in projects related to design. That said, I continuously look forward to learning new tools, and expressing them in unique ways.  More casually, you can probably find me shooting photos, or sifting different clothing shops around the Bay. I mostly shoot a lot of street photography, but I’ve been shooting mainly portraits as of late. On campus, I’ve been a photographer for a small fashion blog on campus called Garb for almost a year. One of my main goals for this year is to be able to create a website that showcases my creative work, while also communicating my style and aesthetic through my website. Hopefully, I can use the WDD as a stepping stone towards achieving that goal.  	When I come across large-scale creations, be it painting, skyscraper, or website, I’m most fascinated by the process and tools that were used. Mastering the fundamentals of a certain tool or, more relatedly, coding language, really allows me to appreciate the works created by these tools so much more. Without being too much of an optimist, I want to take the WDD so that I can build a baseline to understand and dissect the beautiful websites that I’ve come across.   The best websites that I’ve seen are so effective because they capture the real spirit of what they’re trying to convey. Ultimately, I hope to use these skills to communicate my own aesthetic and push my craft forward. Even though I am continuously impressed by the progressions made by the web design community, I believe that there is much to explore with how we interact with websites and their functionalities. 	My previous experience with web design has purely been through coding websites and videos (e.g codeacademy, freecodecamp, courseera). I think I’ve gotten the handle of the basic HTML elements, but not necessarily sure how to apply it.    I’ve also dabbled with using designing on SquareSpace for what it’s worth, and I’ve worked on UI/UX projects for web apps. I have also been a design consultant for Berkeley Innovation for a year now, doing mobile and web UI/UX for a variety of different companies around the Bay Area. 
Whenever I hear this question, I usually struggle with where I should start, because there are too many things I feel I should elaborate on--similar to how I’d felt when I tried to self-learn website design. But here goes:  I am a highly goal-oriented person, and my greatest fulfillment and thrill comes from accomplishing things I haven’t experienced before, whether big or small. This may be something as trivial as visiting a new boba shop I haven’t been to before (my most recent triumph was from Asha Tea House!) to something as big as organizing a successful sports equipment drive for underprivileged youth. I take great pride and responsibility in the quality of my work which results in somewhat perfectionist tendencies as well as unparalleled dedication.   This also gives me a constantly learning mindset, where I subconsciously view even the tiniest details, failures, and successes as a valuable takeaway. “You learn something new every day” has now become something like a personal mantra. A silly example: I purposefully browse through the random genres of Spotify playlists in case there is a new type of music that I like. The benefits of finding a new music genre that I like (lo-fi) outweighs the value of the time I spend listening to a repetitive playlist.   Website design is the next untouched territory I wish to explore, and I believe WDD will be the perfect fit in supporting me through my journey. 	In sophomore year, I tried to follow tutorials for HTML up to around the level of the Week 3 curriculum of WDD, but having no guidance in the process disheartened me. Although discovering how to color my text and change the font to Raleway was an exciting moment, looking at legitimate websites that were so much more complex than mine disheartened me. For several years, I just accepted “computers” as something I couldn’t do. There were the programmers, engineers, and designers--and then there was me. Liberal arts were the way to go!   But then I came to Berkeley and for some odd reason enrolled in CS61a without having done any type of coding in the past. Needless to say, I dropped out after 3 weeks. Yet, as challenging as the course was, I didn’t regret my decision of trying out CS, so instead I enrolled in CS10. Yes, I saw the reddit threads about CS10, but it actually turned out to be such an eye-opening experience because it was so accessible to students who didn’t know how to start their coding experiences like me. The tight-knit community of the class helped me succeed and fueled my curiosity for exploring more technological subjects, and by the end of the semester, I switched my major from Sociology to Cognitive Science.   Overcoming my fear of pursuing certain subjects motivates me to dive into website design again, except with so many more resources this time. I’m confident that WDD will be another monumental experience. 	I’ve dabbled in a bit of Photoshop and Illustrator, but I have no previous website design experience besides making a private blog on Wordpress. However, I’m more than ready to learn!
Hi, I'm Michelle Kaganovsky and the first thing I tell most people is that I have a twin (who goes to UCLA, the lesser UC lol). I'm currently planning to major in Cognitive Science but I'm not completely sure because I have so many interests and I'm pretty indecisive. Regardless, I feel that knowing how to design a website is an invaluable skill for any major or future career and would love to be able to learn how to in this DeCal. 	My siblings and I wanted to make a website for my mom to help sell her medical supplies, but we never got around to it because none of us knew how to design a website and did not have the time to teach ourselves. After taking this class, I would love to finally be able to make her one.	No, I have no prior experience with web design.
Hi! I am Skyler Poh, Singaporean on exchange in Berkeley for my junior year! Definitely not crazy (maybe a little) and neither am I rich! More of a jack of all trades kinda guy because I am interested in learning everything that piques my interest even a little! However, I am more inclined/attracted to designing and problem solving (explains why I am in mech ENG). Love dancing, and dabble in bullet journaling too!	I am an exchange student from Singapore studying in Berkeley for a year. This will be my last semester in Berkeley and I would be interested in learning about web design because I will most probably not be taking classes like these when I return to Singapore. Ultimately, I hope that through this web design class, I can build up my portfolio for design to secure internships/jobs in the future!	I have created blogs using Wix for various projects. http://corpublication.wixsite.com/campoutreach https://legopicknplace.wixsite.com/me102b
Devborg, here and ready to learn about web design	I declared cs as a second major just last semester, so I’m excited to be getting into the heart of the coursework. As this is also my last emester at cal, I’m looking to fit in as much breadth as possible. My major coursework lacks any front-end experience, so this is the perfect course to round out my cs degree at cal.	I have no prior web design experience.
I started becoming interested in computer science when I was in middle school taking a web design class. I don't remember any of the material now, many years later, but I do remember how fun it was to design each webpage and connect them all in a way that makes intuitive sense. I would put the wackiest things on my website, like weird colors and extra animations that, looking back, must have been more distracting than helpful to the site! That is the person I am. Throughout my life, I always enjoyed learning new things through a hands-on approach, and working hard to create something fun.	These past few months, I've worked on developing and designing experience for websites. This past summer, I interned at a start-up and worked with Django front-end and back-end to integrate a payment system with Stripe. In the fall, I took a UIUX class and worked with Figma and Invision to design a prototype of a food delivery website. I would love to take these experiences and continue to grow my skills. Over summer, I had to learn CSS/HTML/Django/etc on my own with very limited guidance. I am hoping to fully learn now in a more structured environment , and then take these skills to apply it to my future career and side projects.	Yes! I have answered this question in both of the previous responses. 
Hello! My name is Dung Nguyen but I go by Phoebe, I am a transfer junior at Cal majoring in Media Studies (and hopefully double major in Film Studies). My goal after graduating is to break in the fashion industry to bring a creative vision that supports sustainable and tech-oriented brands; this is pretty much the fashion scene in the Bay Area today. Aside from that, I also have an enduring love for film as I would spend hours writing reviews on my favorite movies and post them on my humble Tumblr account. Film photography is another interest of mine, though I have been struggling to find a platform to showcase my pictures in the most eye-pleasing way. Overall, I could say those three things above are what sum up about me: fashion, musing on films and film photography. However, I have spent years to find the right platform to combine them all together (Tumblr, Blogspot, Wordpress, Wix) yet they all have a lot of constraints that I wish I could modify them by my own. That’s why I am in need of a web designing course to learn all the basics so I can build a website from my own creation.	To create a website of my own where I can modify it however I want to! I love watching and follow Youtube vloggers, especially fashion and lifestyle youtube. One day I found that my favorite YouTuber “thatschic” has renovated her website and it was the most creative design ever from any fashion bloggers I have known of. At the time, I was using my Blogspot and I wanted to modify the layout so it would look less stiff. However, after hours of struggling, I still couldn’t find a way to make my blog look more visually attractive as I wanted. After that, I have decided that I’d need to learn a web design course where I can learn HMTL, CSS, Javascript, etc. Those are all the essential tools that would help me develop my own website smoothly.	Yes. I took a web design course at Foothill Community College where I learn to make a website through Wixsite.
Hi! I am a current freshman who is currently thinking of pursuing an MCB major. Last semester I was part of AFX as well as the American Medical Student Association (AMSA). As you can probably tell I have a lot of interests and am really hoping to use my freshman year of college to explore as many things as possible and find something I’m really interested in. Over winter break this year I am trying to learn basic programming and am currently taking a python class online. I also started working with photoshop over winter break because I also wanted the skills of how to use it. I’m a hardworking student and hope to learn another skill of web design this semester!	I want to take this class because I just genuinely want to how to design a website because it is no doubt a skill that will definitely be useful in the future no matter what career I pursue. I want to learn how to design a website but with many online classes requiring you to pay or being too simple and not really teaching much I think that this decal from experienced students will be more rewarding. 	No experience
I’m a computer science and aspiring philosophy major from SoCal. In my free time I enjoy drawing, reading books, cooking badly, and late night debates. I journal religiously and have accumulated piles of short written pieces. For months, I’ve promised myself that I would get started on that blog, but never got around to it.  I am continuing to grow as a developer, but I also want to grow my ability to apply creativity to computer science. It is important to me to be someone who doesn’t only consume all the media around me but also creates. 	I want to create. For as long as I can remember, I've loved words: written, heard, or visualized. These days technology is one of the most important vehicles for words to reach people. Learning how give your creations a voice is difficult. Websites have the capacity to both look amazing while also conveying their own story. Learning programming languages isn't the biggest challenge to do individually, but I want to learn more about design principles and the fundamentals of website design. I've never had the experience of taking a more artistically focused class, and there's so much I don't know beyond trying to make create things that "look good" in my eyes. I feel that taking a guided class specifically for website design is the best way to learn how to be more than just the average website programmer, but to create visually-pleasing, original art.	No, I haven't :(
I'm Vincent, a CS major junior from Shanghai! I grew up my whole life around computers, so CS seemed like a natural major to explore in college. The 61 series and 70 (especially 70) were really enjoyable, and I never looked back. Asides from CS, I enjoy playing chess, playing volleyball, reading Reddit, Game of Thrones, and listening to EDM!	Everything I've done and learned about in CS so far has leaned more towards the back-end side of things, and I've never been a particularly artsy or design-oriented person, so I have very limited front end experience. I think web design would be a great way to gain more exposure and get out of my comfort zone a little!	Nope!
Hello! My name is Jemin Ryu, and I'm a sophomore majoring in CS. I once swallowed 2 pebbles because I lost in rock paper scissors among a group of friends. I like playing exploding kittens (a card game) and Settlers of Catan with my housemates. I am platinum in League of Legends but sadly I don't think I'll have much time to play this semester. My favorite food to make for myself at home is chicken thigh with the skin on cooked crispy, with avocado toast with eggs on top. I really love to play basketball with my friends at the rsf and will usually go once a week to play pickup. I played water polo in high school. My favorite musical artist is Ed Sheeran. I'm Korean, and really enjoy the food from my culture. I'm trying to work out 5 days a week this semester, but we shall see how that goes. I would consider myself a pretty fun and outgoing person, but also someone that definitely needs their alone time chilling at home and watching Netflix. Overall, I think I'm a pretty chill person, but you guys can be the judge of that :)	Ever since switching into L&S CS, everyone has always told me that I should learn to design my own website. Truthfully speaking, I have always been intrigued by what goes on behind the scenes of creating a website, but never thought that I would ever have the opportunity to create my own. I have wanted to try to learn on my own time how to create websites using online resources, but it always seemed confusing and daunting to try and create one on my own. However, I think that this class would be the perfect stepping stone into the world of web design, and I hope to use the knowledge that I gain in this decal to create my own websites in the future to display to the world. I am very excited to put a more practical use to my computer science skills, and really do hope to learn a lot from this course.	No, this will be my first web design experience.
My fascination with web design was born from cartoonnetwork.com. When I was little, I would hop on the computer right after school to play games on cartoonnetwork.com. Although, I was initially attracted by the games, I remember becoming frustrated and intrigued with the design and layout of the site. Why was it so difficult to find the popular Teen Titan games while the irrelevant Johnny Bravo games were everywhere? Why did they choose such an ugly border for their site? I constantly was questioning the site's design faux pas. This initial interest lead me to start creating my own sites on Weebly. I loved meddling with the multitude of designs, colors, and formats. And above all, I felt an incredible sense of pride creating something that I could display to the world and proudly call my own. Eventually, for fun, I moved onto fiddling with website wireframe sites to create my own mockups. One of my most notable designs was for a website dedicated to bread and other beloved carbohydrates. I even still have it, tucked away in some Google Drive or something, just in case the opportunity arises.  Design has always been a big hobby of mine that I want to develop and mature.  	In the most pragmatic sense, I am interested in pursuing front end development, specifically user experience and user interface development. This class will help me further my aspirations in that field and help me learn skills that will make me more viable to get hired.  However, I also want to take this class simply because I like design. I enjoy browsing on Adobe Fonts on my free time. I have a Pinterest filled with mood boards and color schemes to serve as inspiration for different themes. Sometimes, when I get an idea for a website I like to sketch it out on website mockup tools. Many times however, I feel that these designs are very confined to the designs of other websites that I have drawn inspiration from or just arbitrary delineations. As a designer, I feel that I am still lacking in several areas, which is why I want a formal and solid foundation to cultivate my design skills. As of now, my ideas are just sketches but one day, I would like to code them and make them into reality. 	A little bit
I started Cal last semester and am studying Pre-Business Administration and History. I hope to focus my studies on the history of data/technology and combine it with learning about marketing and consumer behaviors. In high school, I was a head captain of the Speech and Debate team, and competed at the State and National level in Impromptu and Expository speaking. I also competed at the FBLA Nationals, served as the Opinions Editor of the school newspaper, and completed the Girl Scout Gold Award. In my free time, I run a food blog on instagram, and photograph diverse dishes from a variety of cuisines. I also enjoy creating art because its serves as a relaxing therapy for school stress. In the future, I aim to write a novel and backpack across Europe or Southeast Asia!	I've always been interested in design, and when I was a graphic-design intern at Fiesta Publications, I enjoyed developing a company website and the learning experiences it brought me every day. It was challenging to solve coding errors or upload advertisements left and right, but I liked that each problem was different and allowed me to grasp an understanding of different aspects of web-design!  The DeCal would help me further explore my interest in web-design and learn how to manipulate codes like HTML5 and CSS. I'm excited to see how these codes integrate to display modern and aesthetic designs that I can use in the future. Learning about web design philosophies also provides a unique, behind-the-scenes perspective on websites; these techniques would unveil an entire new layer to the websites I see every day. Identifying these strategies and knowing how to use them would advance my web-design skills and increase my passion for creating websites that encourage people to be informed and share content all around the world. 	I was a graphic design intern for Fiesta Publications, a magazine company, and helped to create their website through WordPress. There were instances where I had to do some trouble shooting and search up certain codes, install Plug-ins, and draft a layout for an entire website for the San Fernando Valley branch of the company.  I also created a website for my Girl Scout Gold Award project through WordPress to showcase students' narratives and the hard work they put into creating their characters and learning about public speaking. 
Hi, I’m Sophie and I'm a Freshman intending Computer Science and Data Science. I was born in Shanghai, China. Since I was three, my parents had taken me to different countries around the world. The different culture, scenery and foods leave me inevitable memories. I believe this is one of the main causes why I would choose to study abroad for college. My parents also provoked my interest in technology. Both of them used to be engineers. Therefore, in my high school, I did a lot of tech activities. My biggest hobby is Music. I like listening to songs in different languages: English, Chinese, Japanese and Korean. I started to play piano since I was three. Sometimes I would find music scores of songs that I like to learn and play. With this passion, during high school, I found my own radio station (which is the first one in my school) and broadcasting club. I always want to learn new skills, so I teach myself handcrafting and last semester, I took the digital photography course at the Art Studio. These experiences really bring satisfaction to me.	As I said in the last question, I always have curiosity and interest in technology and Media. In high school, I attended training for VR and competitions for application development and research. During the China Thinks Big competition, me and my research team made a website to post our papers and videos. At that time, we were provided module-like website design tool, so we did not really need to code and make the website by ourselves. Also,  I had an online platform (like a blog) for my club. Making the platform was really similar to design a website, but without the coding as well. Therefore,  I'd like to learn more professional coding skills of web design through this course.	No.
My name is Julian Chow and I’m currently a 3rd year EECS major who is pursuing a future career in software engineering and project management. Interning at Salesforce this upcoming summer, I hope to improve my coding skills and eventually become a full stack engineer. My favorite language is Java and I love attractive design aesthetics after hours designing marketing visuals. Outside of academics, I have founded an EDM event hosting company, We Dream Worlds, that has worked with high profile artists such as Said the Sky, Major Lazer, and Steve Aoki. For on campus organizations, I am a part of the fraternity Pi Alpha Phi, Cal Figure Skating Team, and Poker club. 	Berkeley’s CS curriculum often focuses on back end development and has little to offer for students who want to learn front end languages such as CSS, HTML, and Javascript. As a result, I hope to try and see if I like front end development and if it could be something that I enjoy doing in the future as a software engineer. In addition, I hope that using the skills gained in the class I can help improve my startup’s website since Square offers limited functionality. My goal is to eventually rework the entirety of the website from scratch and Increase overall web traffic to the website.	Not at all except for using Square to do basic edits on a website.
A 18 year old freshman foodie who actually wants to haul herself away from the snacks in her dorm and finally learn about web design. In her free time, she watches variety shows and foreign dramas. Her mother was a web designer, so she has been interested since young. 	I've always loved graphic design, playing with photoshop to create crazy edits or digitally drawing the things I liked. Furthermore, I am intending to study cs or business; knowing how to design websites myself will definitely prove useful in the future.	I do not have any web design experience (aside from the casual browsing of tutorials on HTML), but I am eager to learn! I took ap cs in high school and am currently taking cs 61a. I also have experience with photoshop and illustrator from a digital art class in high school, and use programs like clip art studio and medibang in my free time. 
I am: Canadian, boba addict, tutor, memer (admin of a certain university meme page), and someone who knows a lot about gemology. 	During CalHacks, I was responsible for making a UI/UX design for our application, which I really enjoyed doing. This incident sparked my interest in web design, which is a field in computer science that I’ve never explored before. After I looked through the wdd website, I am drswn by the curriculum as well as the actual design of the website. I would like to take this decal because I think  it would offer me a comprehensive introduction to web designing.	I have designed a webpage during Calhacks last year.
Hello! I am currently a junior studying cognitive science. As an almost-senior and after declaring and settling down into the orgs that I have joined on campus, I am currently trying to make the most out of the rest of my time at Cal by looking into classes that I have a real interest in taking. I came across the Web Design DeCal during my freshman year and have been meaning to take this course since then.	I have really enjoyed other DeCals that I have taken in the past (Intro to Photoshop & Illustrator, Ruby on Rails, and Graphic Design Principles). This upcoming semester, I hope to put together the things that I learned from past semesters with the things that I can learn from this course. I've been meaning to learn how to build a website from scratch since I've only had experience with designing websites through the use of other platforms such as Wix and Weebly.	I tried out a little bit of HTML and CSS when I was still in high school, but other than that I do not have much front end dev experience.
My name is Steven Teng. I'm currently working towards a Mechanical Engineering Major and Computer Science Minor. My passions include travelling, dancing, and cooking alongside other activities like learning languages and gaming. I grew up in SoCal in the lovely city of Santa Barbara however I always wanted to move to a big city. Santa Barbara is the ideal get-away spot, but in terms of a young boy, it was suffocating in its dreariness. To clear the time, I played water polo, became an Eagle Scout, and practiced piano. These activities shaped my character and grew my love for the outdoors and culture. In a search for new activities, I joined AFX Dance last year and enjoy learning a wholly different art form from my previous experiences. UC Berkeley is wonderful in the fact that there are so many opportunities as long as one grasps them.	As I wrote previously, I am a ME Major with a CS Minor. I enjoy CS immensely and intend to go into industry as a software engineer. The CS degree teaches back end theory and languages, but it hasn't taught any anything about front end engineering. I would like to learn about web design and expand my capabilities. This course looks like a great introduction to that field and so I'm excited to join and learn about this different side of computer science.	I have been exposed to some web design, but I haven't tinkered with it personally.
I think it depends who you ask but when I look at myself, I think I try to embody the “Just do it” mentality. To best explain this, I will use a recent trip to Tahoe with a few of my friends. I had planned to ski because that is what I am comfortable with, however, everyone else was going to snowboard and one of my friends offered to teach the less experienced. I had already packed skis into the car, but I figured, why not “just do it?” Throwing caution to the wind, I fell on my face most of the way down, but by the end of the day I learned how to ride a snowboard enough to ride with the rest of the guys.   I may have felt like an 80-year-old man the next day, but I was satisfied with how much I learned. This mentality is how I approach life. I love trying new things, making memories, and having great experiences. I think one should always live life to the fullest and put their all into pursuing their interests. While it some might say learning to run before you walk sets you up for failure, I see failure as life’s greatest teacher. So, I try to learn and grow as much as I can, and if I fail I get back up to face the next challenge life throws at me.	Since middle-school, I enjoyed attempting to create artistic mediums, always finding my digital work to be superior to my physical drawings. Since I started, I have made multiple animations, typographies, attempts at special effects, and most recently I have gotten into portrait photography. With all this, I realized I really wanted to have a way to display my portfolio.   While I tried to do this with Instagram, I found it difficult to remember to constantly post my edits. On top of this, I ended up losing some of my work because my hard drive had broken, or the files were lost with a USB. This frustration and desire have really made me consider putting my work into an online portfolio in the form of a website. I have especially been inspired by my friends Gibson Chu, and Steven Singorahardjo who have made some beautifully designed websites displaying their own portfolios.   I hope to be a part of the Web Design Decal as it provides a framework and structure to learning how to create a well-designed website that engages the viewer. I also realize that the resources the decal provides in terms of providing a community of people with similar interests and having people to reach out to for guidance is invaluable. In my previous attempts at using SquareSpace I had always been overwhelmed and unable to achieve my vision. I hope to join WDD to build a website portfolio I can be proud of and display my work. 	At one point I tried to blog (although it really looked terrible and after setting it up I kinda was disappointed with how it looked), I also tried to play around with squarespace a bit when I was trying to create another blog but felt really overwhelmed and directionless.
Hi! My name is Noah Alcus and I’m a junior studying Computer Science here at Cal. I enjoy self-studying topics I’m interested in including algorithms, NP-completeness, and most recently web-development. You may have also seen me around campus providing tech support as I’m an IT manager for Student Tech Services. I also am interning in an EE/CS role at a startup in Albany. Past work and learning, I really enjoy longboarding (but I haven’t been able to in recent weeks due to all the rain).	I’m currently working through an accelerator for my startup and as a result I’ve had to bootstrap (pun intended) web development skills. I see this DeCal as an opportunity to gain a formalized understanding of the skills necessary to build a compelling web presence. I know that I will greatly benefit from having a structured course as, like you’ve mentioned in the description, it’s difficult to find where to start when so little of Berkeley’s CS program gives you the opportunity to practice this essential facet of today’s commerce. I also appreciate that I will have a network of peers and facilitators to provide feedback for my progress.	I’ve worked on small personal projects with HTML/CSS and last summer I did a small amount of work updating a PHP application that delivered HTML content.
I am a sophomore, majoring in Economics and seeking my certification in Design Innovation. I have a passion for Urban Dancing and currently work part-time at Full Out Studios in Oakland. Outside of Berkeley, I love traveling and always have been adventurous. I think it stems from living in NY and so close to one of the most beautiful cities in the world. There are times when I come back from Berkeley and will travel to NYC the next day. I will see parts of the city I haven’t in the 19 years. I’ll photograph new places, meet new people, and wander into unknown parts, remembering to learn wherever and from whomever, I can.   I like to snowboard during the winter season and play basketball otherwise (Golden State fan). One of my new year’s resolutions is to read more, so I recently bought Becoming by Michelle Obama. My favorite artists include Chance, J.Cole, Miguel, and SZA.   Once I graduate from Berkeley, I hope to work in some intersection between the technology industry and business industry. Some options include Product Management, UI Design, or maybe even Investment Banking. Or, I might just end up back home, unemployed, which would suck.   And this is a little about who I am. I’m a little scattered all over the place like this response is, but screw being methodical. I just try to do myself the best I know how and like  Chance says, “I’m just having fun with it.” 	From my two years at Berkeley, the number one principle I have taken away so far is to learn wherever and whenever you can. I try to go beyond the classroom and take the time to acquire new skills. I feel in today’s world, this mindset is what separates certain people. There are people who do the absolute minimum and be content and then there are those who will take the extra few steps. I classify with the latter.   This class simply won’t just give me the tools to start web designing, it will directly help me in both my academic and professional journey. As I alluded before, I am looking at career options that include tools and languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. However, I have very minimal knowledge of any of these languages. Although I know I can learn to take the time to learn these skills on my own, I never question the guidance of those who are more knowledgeable than I am. I know this class will teach me the fundamentals of web designing faster and more efficiently than I can by myself.   Moreover, I think creating something from scratch and calling it your own just gives you a sense of gratification and satisfaction. I know this feeling from when I choreograph and I can say first hand, witnessing the end product despite the flaws gives me a sense of pride. So, I want to bring the same sense of creativity into this class. 	 I did a little bit back in sophomore year of high school, but don't remember anything. 
I am a second year student from Chicago, IL looking to spice up my educational experience with some web design sauce. I'm talkative, and love classes that are a more collaborative environment. If I were a vegetable I think I would be a squash tbh.	I want to expand my knowledge of different languages and be able to apply my data science background to web design. I've always seen front end web design as something more of an art process than an engineering one, which is really unique as far as CS goes.	I have explored some of the google based web design tools before but nothing substantial
Hi! I'm an intended CS major from San Ramon, CA (part of the bay area, so I've lived in this area my entire life). I'm a fan of basketball, cooking shows, the TV show Community, and when I'm not watching anything you can find me browsing memes online.	I've always been interested in the design of anything; there's so much thought that goes into the minute details and it bugs me that I can't understand the maker's decisions. Also, creating websites is such a practical application of coding that isn't usually taught in academia, which makes me want to learn it.	Nope
I was born and raised in China, and I moved to Connecticut for high school. After spending three years on the east coast, I found myself really interested in the tech industry and decided to explore the west during college. I’m always curious and would love to communicate with more people to learn about new fields as well as trying them out. I’ve always been passionate about photography, especially portrait and street photography. I was the visual media chair of PBL in the past semester, leading a team of 6 members working on several photography and videography projects. In this upcoming summer, I will be joining the financial analyst team of Cruise Automation, the self-driving unit of General Motor.	When I first studied abroad in the States for high school, I was overwhelmed by the new environment and people. Initially I was intimidated to actively reach out, but my passion for photography really helped me to make the first step in building connections. Bringing my camera everywhere, I had a good reason to start the conversation. After compiling more work, I started looking for a platform to showcase them so that they can help me reach more people . Nonetheless, I wasn’t satisfied with the limited flexibility and constrained room for creativity of most of the template websites - not to mention the extra cost. Therefore, I’m strongly interested in building one on my own. In addition, I hope to pursue a product related career in a tech company in the future, and I believe web design would expand my skillset that would help me in my career.	
I am a transfer senior majoring in MCB, Neurobiology. I am originally from Ethiopia, and I came to the US when I was 17. I love studying the human body, and especially the nervous system because of its intricate structure. I love how the study of the nervous system guides the current technology design, especially AI. In addition, I enjoy cooking, reading books, baking, swimming, and exploring new ideas. My current plan for the future is to invent a support system that will revolutionize how we think about social good. 	I have been enjoying my time at Berkeley by exploring my passion in Neurobiology for the past two years. Now that I start thinking about my future career, my previous plan to become a physician doesn't seem to be very appealing. Therefore, I decided to explore other fields and I found out that coding is one of them. Website design is part of learning coding and it is a useful tool for future opportunities. therefore, I want to take this opportunity to gain this valuable skill.	No
I was born and raised in the East Bay, though I went to high school in San Francisco. Although I’m a STEM girl at heart, I’ve always loved reading and writing. I edit for two online magazines, Soliloquie and GirlGenius. To make up for my admittedly trash memory, I like to scrapbook and I’m a notorious planner/list maker. I also love any and all types of media. From books to movies to music, I have a running bucket list and “all time favorites” list for each category. I have way too many songs saved on Spotify (which is fine since you’d be hard pressed to find me without my headphones). The one medium I’m not too well versed in is TV. I’d much rather binge some YouTube than a show. Except The Office… and Jeopardy. I’m always down for trivia and games (think Bananagrams or Pictionary) and, like any true Filipino, I can never say no to karaoke. Family means a lot to me. I like playing volleyball with my younger brother. He also shares my love for tea, which fuels my night owl tendencies. I get my best work done late at night/early in the morning and I’m prone to working for long stretches of time. As a reformed perfectionist, I’m detail-oriented and put in the most effort I can, all while acknowledging my limits and not being afraid to share responsibility. I especially enjoy working in groups and on projects in a collaborative environment.	Immediately after hearing about this DeCal from a previous student, I knew I wanted to take this course. I’ve been searching for a way to explore web design and frontend development in a structured and project-based format, and this class is the perfect way for me to do just that. As a freshman, I’m still not entirely sure what major I’d like to pursue. The one thing I am sure of (at least for the time being) is that I want to be involved in tech and/or design. The world of UI/UX design has long fascinated me, so the prospect of a class split equally into a design and programming section excites me! As a programmer with just barely any experience (thanks DeNero!), I also appreciate that this course is designed for beginners. When learning about this class, my friend emphasized how much she learned despite having no coding experience herself. Her pride as she showed me her final project for this class, as well as seeing the websites previous students have made, motivated me to apply as soon as I could. I can only hope that I’ll get the chance to create something as great by taking this class.	I've attempted to learn some HTML and CSS on my own through some online courses, but other than that I don't really have any experience.
Hello there! I’m Grace. Junior. Hungry enough to eat three pounds of ice cream in three minutes, and lazy enough to still not get her driver’s license. Oh, and I like design. Whoop! Something to know about me is that I’m really passionate when it comes to something I love. One of those ‘something’s is art. I was that 5-year old girl who drew unicorns, but also dragons on the side. Yet, as I grew up - I started to distance myself with art. Growing up from a family who stigmatizes art as ‘financially unstable’ and says ‘keep it as a hobby’ often really challenged that passionate side I just mentioned. I even thought that I had no right to call myself that if I were to give up my ambitions with art so easily. Throughout college, I’ve learned a lot about myself through a myriad of failures, but also successes. It allowed me to solidify to just take my shot and see how far art, which then evolved into design, can take me. I’m only so young so I should take my chance now before I regret it later, and so far - it’s been rewarding. I’ve realized that there’s so much more to design than I had imagined, but that’s what encourages me to explore even further and beyond. 	Since throwing out my fears to see how far design can take me, I’ve been thoroughly savoring each moment. Yet during these moments, I’ve come across a realization. In my eyes, I like what I make! I find my work aesthetically pleasing and I have fun creating them. But what makes me a bit empty is that I don’t see a purpose in them. I don’t want them to simply serve as drawings at the end of the day. “I want people to be able to interact with them,” or “I want them to have a functionality or purpose!” are thoughts that would run across my mind. Last semester, I even did an interpersonal project of a calendar with motivational quotes to encourage its owner ( yes. I’m kind of sappy, I do apologize). I desire for the interaction between the audience and the product, which is why I’m interested in web design because I believe it will propel me to learn how to present a platform for interaction. One of the career paths I’m curious is UI/UX and a big chunk of that field is knowing what goes behind the scenes in creating the exterior the audience interacts. I know I’m lacking in a lot of the coding department, but I do have the desire to learn a lot - if I’m accepted. 	Sadly no unless you count Squarespace as something! 
Hi, I’m Reini! I’m a second-year book enthusiast, Bay Area native, and Greek mythology nerd with a fondness for Studio Ghibli, Settlers of Catan, and anything matcha-flavored. I particularly enjoy doing faux-productive things like reading random articles on Wikipedia, wandering in stationery stores, watching TED talks, making study playlists, stressing about my four-year course plan, and practicing hand-lettering by re-writing titles of my notes instead of actually taking notes.   I used to call myself a writer and reader, but I don’t do much of either anymore, so I prefer to think of myself as someone who likes appreciating and occasionally creating pretty things. One day I hope to publish a novel, but until then I’m happy to keep dozens of notes on my phone with world-building ideas, potential character names, and half-formed lines of poetry.   When I’m not having my weekly mid-college crisis or fostering my love/hate relationship with organic chemistry problem sets, I’m browsing Spotify for new indie artists or Goodreads for interesting books I’ll add to my growing list and probably never read.	I came into college with a set plan to best utilize these years as stepping stones to a successful career. Freshman year, I cultivated my resume to showcase research experience and academic STEM clubs. I was eager to cull high school experiences—literary magazine founder, self-published writer, writers’ club president—that did little to sell me as an engineer, although those things had been my favorite parts of high school.  This year, I realized that I haven’t prioritized developing myself beyond being another Berkeley student who complains about problem sets, drinks too much milk tea, and scrolls Facebook listlessly in Moffitt. In high school, I prided myself on reading a book a week and keeping a writing blog where my work reached thousands of readers. I’m proud to be a Berkeley student, but I don’t want that to be my defining characteristic; I miss having hobbies that made me distinct and that I truly enjoyed.   By taking the Web Design decal, I hope to recapture the feeling of pride I used to get after finishing a piece of writing—knowing that hours of work were finally immortalized in a polished product. Even if I never use web design skills in the future, I’m excited to try something that may not be a perfect stepping stone but will challenge me to learn new skills, do things for fun, and become a creator again.	Limited - I ran a literary magazine website and a writing blog in high school, so I did a lot of Googling to customize both of those sites and add features like popup menus, dropdown links, and status bars. After spending far too long trying to choose the perfect templates for my websites, I've had the long-standing goal to create my own site from scratch, so I’m really looking forward to the opportunity to pick up some skills and make something pretty in the process.
I am a sophomore studying chemical engineering and material science. However, my main professional interests are working with the electronic properties of materials to optimize device performance (an interest that took a wide range of classes to determine!). Thus, a lot of my extracurricular work revolves around gaining experience with electronics (I do research in 3D printable electronic materials). Some of my hobbies include painting, board games (Catan, Secret Hitler and Exploding Kittens are among my favorites!) and hiking. In fact, my goal this semester is to invest more time in exploring different styles in watercolor painting. Overall, I'd describe myself as someone who loves to adventure in the outdoors, meet new people and try new things! In terms of coding, I took E7 two semesters ago, so I have a bit of experience with Matlab, especially in a statistical analysis setting. I also dabbled with python when building an app with my roommates to distribute our expenses. I recently tried learning C++ on my own; I didnt have much fun and quickly realized  that I enjoy learning coding in a collaborative environment.	When I attended the TedX Berkeley Conference last year, I listened to a top official from Microsoft who worked with User Design for the desktop OS. He proceeded to talk about a vast collection of topics, touching on the way companies make small decisions (like a window's corner's sharpness, or certain pronunciations) to influence the user's perception. After finding this talk extremely fascinating, I've watched many youtube videos on graphic design, learning about topics like the evolution of Google's material design. Understanding how design choices influence user experience is a captivating topic for me and I hope to learn more about it. Furthermore, art is one of my main hobbies, so it excites me to learn about the perception of color, impact of spacing or even the effect of font choice in a digital setting. (For all I know, it could affect my work as a sketch artist!) Additionally, I recently realized that because I have a diverse set of passions (I am a chemE interested in electronic properties and material science), so having a professional website would be useful for outlining and describing my experience in clubs, research and other extracurriculars. Since I have no experience with website design, and more importantly with HTML, I believe that this class would be a fun way of achieving this goal. 	I haven't had much experience! But I'm sooooo excited to learn!
Hello! I am from Southern California, and love to surf, rock climb, and skateboard. I also love expressing my creative side, and love jazz piano, and poorly attempting to learn guitar.	I would like to take this class because I enjoy creating. I'm majoring in CS so that I have applicable skills I can use to build things and create, and web design is one of the most tangible ways I can imagine doing that.	I have experience in using Wordpress, and extremely limited experience with very basic html/css.
I am a CS student who plan to graduate at Spring 2019. I am interested in website design and I would like to make my own efforts to learn it. Last semester I have taken ios decal and my final project received a pretty high credits on final presentation, also, I am confident that I could make it on Web Design decal. I also have learned UI design last semester, and I believe it could benefit to my performance of Web Design.	First of all, I need to enroll 13 or more units to meet the L&S requirement and this class is the best choice to meet this requirement. Besides this, I do interested in website design because I don't have any experience about html css and Javascript which are all important to interview. 	No. But I am looking forward it. 
I'm an intended data science major hoping to explore data analytics and CS in the near future. It'll be my third semester at Cal, yet there are still many clubs I want to join and many people I want to meet, so I would say my Cal experience  so far has not been as fulfilling as I had hoped. I've reached the peak of my first-year fun and adventures, and am ready to get back on the grind this semester and hopefully declare my major. When I'm not napping all day, I enjoy making spontaneous trips to SF or Oakland to unleash my inner foodie, modeling, raving with AFX friends, simping to chill EDM on Soundcloud, or reading things on Reddit and Medium. On the side, I like playing piano, dancing, and teaching gymnastics. My goals for this semester are to get better grades, go out less, and discover what I'm truly passionate about.	I've been wanting to take this class since my first semester here last spring, when my friend told me about it. There were many instances where I’d want to design my own website for a club or personal portfolio (for fun), but I didn’t know how to, so I’d use stuff like Weebly or WordPress. I didn’t really like the templates on there and it didn’t really feel like I was making my own website since the templates were handed to me, so I gave up. After having taken 61A/61B, I realized I don't really like doing backend development (or I'm just not good at it), so I want to explore and learn frontend. I don't feel like I am able to utilize the content I learned in those two classes for Leetcode or making real world projects, but the work and results from HTML/CSS seem much more direct and transparent to the designer. To be honest, I could learn web design on my own, but I'm not motivated and self-disciplined enough to follow online tutorials, so I want to take the class to keep me on track, knowing that I will finish this semester with a complete website. 	No but I've tried learning HTML/CSS
Hi I'm a second year CS major currently taking cs170 & cs188 and have finished all cs lower division courses. I am now doing a small web app and want to learn more about web design!	I am now doing a small web app and want to learn more about web design!	a little html, js & php.
I am junior from Irvine, CA studying Molecular and Cellular Biology with hopes of going to medical school. I have mostly been focused on pre-health activities on campus but have taken beginner CS classes at campus. In my free time, I like to rest at home, play videogames, watch TV and go to the gym.	I got interested in web design because my brother used to work as a web designer. I want to take this class because I have heard great things about the decal and how effective it is at introducing the different languages for web design. I have also wanted to get more into computer science since I've been at Berkeley and I personally think web design is a good gateway into getting more involved into the field. I hope by taking this class, I can either incorporate the skills in my future endeavors or possibly as a new hobby.	I had very little experience with web design with HTML. My mom wanted to take a HTML class at community college to play on a sports team but made me do the assignments and homework. However, it was a few years ago so I forgot most of the class.
I’m a senior. On top of my major I work as an attendant for a woman with cerebral palsy. That takes up a lot of my time but it’s a really great job and has taught me a lot. I used to be on the women’s rowing team but injured my back a while ago and had to stop. I really love drawing, graphic design, excerise, singing and the ocean. The ocean is the freakin best. In may I got in a car accident and had a super serious brain bleed but bounced back with a lot of work so i’m all about hard work n motivation! 	I am a senior in landarch, doing an extra semester next fall. I realized I don’t love landscape so i’m applying for jobs in UX and product design because I really love graphic design. A lot of them require HTML and CSS so I’m trying to jump start on learning them before I apply to full time jobs. I’ve also always had an interest in coding and have learned a bit on my own of other languages but these two would really help me advance in the tech world! I’ve taken decals before and really enjoyed the peer on peer aspect because it makes it less stressful while still learning super important things. 	I haven’t had web design experience other than using templates but I do know adobe creative suite. Wanting to take this class so I can get some experience! 
Hello! I am a Media Studies major here at Cal and am currently a sophomore. I am on the women's rowing team and loving it! Something that I believe is a really big part of me is my love for art. I am in love with the art community and growing up in SoCal it's become such a huge part of me. I am outgoing and always eager for new experiences to immerse myself in. I think being at cal and being a student-athlete it is often easy to stay in my little bubble. So for me being a part of the bigger community and exploring something that I am passionate about is really something I work towards every day. 	I was so excited when I saw this announcement on Facebook. I have never taken a deCal and I am super interested in learning about web design. I have been applying to a lot of Graphic design companies in search for an internship and to get a head start on the world of design would be amazing! I don't have experience coding and I would love to be in an environment where I can learn with the people around me! To be able to leave this class with the knowledge of design on the computer would not only be something I will personally love but that would give me a head start on my dream job!	NO!!!
Hi, I'm an average EECS student with hobby in rock climbing, gaming and occasionally programming :)	I have heard from friends who took this class, they gave really good reviews about it. At the same time, I always wanted the opportunity to learn to design my own website from scratch, instead of using tools like WordPress or WIX. And the part that I like the most about CS in general, is the ability to create an actual useful working product efficiently, which knowing web design would come in handy.	I have a little, mostly I spend my time watching youtube - Traversy Media and try to design a few pages using ideas from existing websites.
I’m a current senior majoring in computer science and minoring in education. I’m very passionate about teaching: I’ve served as a TA for CS10 for 5 semesters, and I created/taught a DeCal last semester on Data Science for Social Good. Apart from teaching and working on homework, I also spend my time reading (which I hope to do more this semester) and dancing (which I also hope to do more this semester)! 	I want to take this class because web development has always been something that’s interested me, but I never got around to learning it. Now that I’m going into software full-time, I think it’d be a great skill to have, and I’d really like to get a good foundation in web design. 	Not really, I’ve done a bit of dev in Jekyll but that’s mostly using markup. 
Hi, I'm Claire! I'm a freshman attempting to declare CS who’s lazy but also tries hard. I’m from the suburbs of northern Virginia, a metro ride from our nation’s great capital, Washington DC (honestly the only thing I have to brag about Virginia (but also we have nice trees!)). I have a Youtube channel that is unfortunately sort of dead. I have a chihuahua terrier named Shayla who essentially bald, but somehow keeps shedding. 	I’ve learned a lot of skills and languages throughout my years taking CS classes, but I’ve never had the opportunity to truly apply what I’ve learned and create something tangible. To be able to create a website of my own, built upon my skills and ideas, is pretty awesome. This decal interests me because there’s so much for me to learn and improve. I love computer science because with just an idea, you can create something that countless others can use and benefit from, be it an app or website. I think I will learn a lot from this decal and fall deeper in love with the joys of coding.	I haven’t, which is why I’m so for this decal!
Hello! I'm KC. Here's a little bit about me... I:  Love reading self-help books Am an assistant/videographer for a life coach here in Berkeley  Really like looking stuff up online when I have something I want to design but don't know how to  Have a youtube and blog and love helping other content creators get started 	I currently have a website (kc-harris.com) that I built with Wix, and before that i had one with wordpress (5minutemotivation.blog). I like the new one because I got WAY more flexibility with designing it, but I still feel like I could be doing alot better.   I'd love to know how to design the website myself, and I already have some ideas for things that I would want to have up but don't know how to build. I think this class would give me exactly the tools/resources I need to get started, so that I can build my basic ideas now and know how/where to learn/apply more down the line if I need to. 	I had to take some coding classes in HS but I didn't learn too much from there. I have a very basic understanding of how to format code. 
My name is Prashant, I’m from the Bay, and I’m studying CS and Business at Berkeley. Although I’m interested in learning about the ML and data science sphere, part of the reason I’m passionate about learning business skills is that I enjoy thinking about marketing, design, and impacting others.  For the past several months, I have contracted as a Marketing Graphic Designer for a Berkeley Skydeck startup known as PredictEV. PredictEV is an social sports network where fans make game predictions in order to earn blockchain currency. My tasks have ranged from designing investment pitch materials and athlete-centered graphics to service presentations. In general, I enjoy the experience a lot, as I’ve been a lifetime sports fan and because I’ve been designing graphics of my favorite athletes since I was 11.  Outside of work, my favorite experiences center on giving back to the community and teaching others. As an officer for my high school’s HERO (Helping Everyone by Reaching Out) Club, I learned that even the most basic things—blankets, toothbrushes, food—are things that we take for granted. Furthermore, by teaching others, specifically with film from our charity walks, I found that a lot more students began to acknowledge the homeless as people, sympathizing with them and wanting to give back, as well. Ultimately, my lifelong goal is to leave an impact—even if I don’t make that next big tech product, I believe helping others will always be my surefire way of making the world a better place.	Over winter break, I tried teaching myself some of the basics of web design, brainstorming wireframes and working with HTML and CSS in Adobe Dreamweaver to create a unique website layout for my design portfolio. However, a lot of the tutorials online really only show you how to build a specific web format rather than attempting to teach you in a more general, holistic manner. It was only through reading over parts of the HTML/CSS library—which I can't say is the most engaging way to learn—that I found out that a lot of the unique areas of a website, such as a cool button or backdrop effect, can be designed in Photoshop/Illustrator and then be used with HTML features to link certain pixel regions of that picture to another page (effectively making buttons embedded in images). Furthermore, the number of Javascript tutorials online that again confine to a specific format rather than helping you with your specific website is rather large. By taking this Decal, I hope to not only engage with web design material in an interactive and fun manner but also be surrounded by like-minded peers and mentors that can more effectively guide me towards what I'm trying to create as opposed to a YouTube video.	Basic HTML/CSS
Hi there! My name is Ophélie and I am an international student from France. I'm majoring in Media Studies and minoring in Political Economy. This is my last semester here at UC Berkeley, and I want to make it as memorable, productive, and enlightening as can be. Growing up in France, a country known as one of the leading fashion capitals of the world, exposed me at a young age to the power and influence of the fashion design industry. My perfectionist, detail-oriented, and meticulous nature found in this sphere a seducing and fulfilling way to shine through. Part of the reason I was drawn to communications as a major was because it would be an avenue for me to express myself and my creativity. I believe Web Design also involves creativity, so I would love to learn more about it and discover yet another way to develop my own creativity. I want to get the absolute most out of my time here in Berkeley, and I think that enrolling in this DeCal would be very instructive and beneficial to me in many ways. :) 	One of my dearest friends is a UC Berkeley extension Coding Bootcamp graduate. Although she has tried to explain/teach me about it numerous times, I have always assumed that it was too difficult and simply not for me. I am not planning on working in this field, but I would love to prove myself wrong and actually learn more about web design. I would be thrilled and feel very privileged if I were given such an opportunity. Also, I would love to be able to -proudly- tell my friend that I can finally at least "semi-understand" what she is passionate about. :) 	I have no (zero!) web design experience. 
I'm a very excitable person and love to be surrounded by friends who share the same mindset I have. I work extremely well when given a challenge, but I find it difficult to learn things on my own without any guidance. I have been trying to teach myself photoshop or web design through Youtube videos but it hasn't gone too far. I took a beginners CS class here at Berkeley and I enjoyed it so much! I want to see if I can take the coding to a new level with some other projects in design!!	I'm branching out! Hopefully my career can land somewhere in the field of design and I really enjoy coding as well. I'd love to learn some new skills and meet new friends along the way! (Most of my friends right now don't share a lot of similar interests). I applied to several clubs and Decals with the hopes to pursue my design passion, but did not get into any. Hopefully this semester will be different!	Nope!
As a kid with parents who are both computer scientists, I gravitated towards the more STEM and logic-heavy materials before college because I thought I was not “creative” enough to pursue more artistic hobbies. However, as I pushed myself to get into crafts such as bullet journaling, DIY projects, or even making scheme art for the CS61A scheme art contest, I started to enjoy designing things. I have PMD (pretty much diagnosed) ADHD, meaning I have lots of ideas rushing through my head that never became concrete because I did not know how to execute them. So far I have only taken classes that deal with back end (Data 8 and CS61A) and I want to get a chance to experience front end development.	I want to have a chance to bridge the my passion for coding with my interest in designing. Taking this decal may give my brain a chance to finally put all of its ideas into content that I can showcase to future clubs or companies that I will work with. Because I am an intended Cognitive Science major, I also want to get more exposure to UI by learning more about web design programs such as HTML and CSS.  (Honestly, I just think web design is really cool and I really want to learn about it.)	During my internship last summer at an online marketplace startup, I dab-bled in web design by helping edit their Wordpress blog. I cleaned up their posts' formatting and tweaked parts of their HTML. I also have a blog that I made for fun called http://anticoffeecoffeeclub.tumblr.com While it’s fun to experiment with the limited knowledge I have in designing websites, I want to be able to build on that blog as well as future websites through this decal!
My name is Thomas Twist. I was born in New York City and raised here in the East Bay before coming to Berkeley. Besides computer science (my major), I like to spend my time writing, film making, long boarding, and being politically active. I played drums for a long time, and piano for a short time, though I don't really keep up with either now (my set got sold when I moved in to college, RIP). I'm still kind of a music nerd though, and while my favorites change all the time I'm currently really into Ty Segall, JPEGMAFIA and LCD Soundsystem. I also like to hike, bike, and run, though I'm not currently participating in any organized sports. I for whatever reason carry in my brain an ever-expanding list of random fun facts which are liable to be inserted into conversation at any time. I'm sorry, I can't help it.	My relationship with web development is actually quite interesting. In the early days of middle school, I tried my hand at making several websites - first a blog about roller coasters (I was pretty obsessed with them for a solid couple of years in my developmental ages), then an all-purpose web portal I named "Kibroco," then a flash-game portal (those were still big at the time). I hated the "build your own website" websites (which were much too restrictive for my unrealistically-large-in-scope projects) and delved into the beginning stages of HTML, Wordpress, and database development. I admit most of my efforts were basically just following Hypercam-branded YouTube tutorials and still largely failing at them; I was a thirteen-year-old kid with no programming experience and big dreams. But those efforts did kick off a general interest in programming that progressed through summer camps, AP classes, and much of my free time to eventually conglomerate into my being a CS major today. Now with the experience and maturity of an intermediate level coder, I'd like to dip my feet back in web development, a space that still genuinely excites me. Learning to develop for the web - for the endless possibilities that arise out of an interconnected network of computers and people - would be creatively invigorating, intellectually stimulating, and would allow me the opportunity to explore a topic I have evidently found fascinating since before I even became a computer scientist. 	Not in any significant capacity 
I am a second year intended Computer Science major. After this upcoming spring semester, I will hopefully be an official Computer Science student. In addition to working on coding projects, I enjoy drawing and making pretty things. I am also a self-proclaimed foodie, though I get full very quickly.	I want to take this class because it will help me decide what I want to pursue as a career in the future. I do not know for sure what aspect of computer science I want to work in in the future yet, but front end definitely seems more suitable for me than back end. In addition, I love making graphics and logos on Adobe Illustrator, so I believe that web design could be the perfect way to combine two things I enjoy doing (computer science and art) into one. I believe that this class would be extremely beneficial to me and my career, and I sincerely hope that I will be able to join this class this semester.	I do not have previous web design experience.
I really love school, boba, drawing, taking fancy notes and journaling, social media stuff, r/berkeley, Crazy Rich Asians (the movie and the book), and I dressed up as an iClicker+ for Halloween! 	I went to an arts high school called OCSA in Orange County (SoCal) and really enjoy the visual arts. I hope to apply my artistic background while I pursue a career in technology, and make my personal website much cooler. Right now it looks like this (htpps://amyhuang.appspot.com). I also know that web development will be practical in the field I hope to go in, and I want to take steps into applying my programming and design skills into real life. 	I've explored the realm but haven't really accomplished anything with web design yet. 
I was born and raised in San Francisco.  I am just your typical college student.  I drink a good amount of coffee and love a good afternoon nap when I can get them.  I love grabbing and trying new foods with my friends.  I am a big fan of mother nature.  I love hiking and taking walks whenever I am feeling stressed.  I am also a big fan of movies, especially thrillers, mystery and comedies.  I love drawing and design, which ranges from water-coloring to room design.  I also have an interest in social welfare and helping the community in small ways.  A bonus fact: I like going to IKEA or the home section in stores just to browse potential new furniture to revamp my room.  	Since I was little, I had always had an interest in drawing and design.  Now that I am older, I definitely draw a lot less due to academics and work.  However, my interest in art had never disappeared.  Whether it was decorating my room or doing my makeup, art and design have always been an interest of mine.  My additional interest in problem solving led to my Computer Science major.  Web design seems to be the mix of my two interests.  I would love to incorporate art into software.  Additionally, I love the endless creativity in web design.  My goal is to ultimately to be able to code a website from scratch so that I can use that skill and improve upon it in order to create a site that will raise social awareness and help others. (Ideas are still in progress :) ).	I have done some HTML/CSS on Codeacademy in the past.  However, the course was limited and I would love to learn more.
I am a Senior Computer Science & Data Science major student. I like self learning and finding delicious food in bay. I am also a transfer student. I have taken cs170, cs186, cs168. 	I am currently developing one of my side project with my friends. And it is a web-based application. But I have no previous experience about web development. Thus I want to learn how we can develop a website.	No web design experience before but I have taken cs168 which is talking about the network and protocols
Hello! My name is Emily. I'm interested in genetics. I also like genealogy, so I'm especially interested in the genome sequencing trend that's going on (like 23andme). I like learning how science and society intersect, so I challenge myself to communicate through different platforms. I tried consulting, but searched for more of a creative outlet. I was a cartoonist for The Daily Cal and now I'm a committee chair for the student film club, GiANT. I like visual story-telling, especially old timey film noir movies. My favorite kind of storytelling is about science, though (i.e. how discoveries are made and the scientist behind them). I volunteer with and write for the CLEAR Project (a science communication organization) and love to talk about the research I do with a "zombie" virus (entomopthovirus).	I'm always trying to improve my communication skills. Building a website sounds like another great way to do that. I think it would also be helpful for me in the future to publish my cartoons and the films and scripts I've made. When pitching science articles of mine to publishers, I could just send the link to my website instead of emailing a portfolio. 	nope!
My name is Joe Hart and I'm a 3rd year pure math major and I'm from Long Beach, California. I like rock-climbing, indie punk and long walks on the beach!! I'm also involved in campus politics as an active member of UC Berkeley Young Democratic Socialists of America. I enjoy technical activities like programming and reading mathematics books but I also have an artistic side that I express by writing and playing music.	I want to take this class because I see myself doing tech work for a company in the future and I think web design is fundamental to that skill set. I've taken computer science classes in the past: 61a, 61b, 188 and I think that this decal will help me to be more well rounded in my coding abilities. Also with the growing number of companies that make websites for exorbitant rates I would like to be able to save money by doing the website design myself. Finally, I love design & I think this decal sounds really fun!	None! :0
I'm from Los Angeles, California and I'm excited to start the grand adventure of my life at UC Berkeley! I plan to double major in CS and Political Science as I believe that CS can give concrete solutions to world problems. Although my experience in CS is limited, I am eager to learn the amazing capabilities of CS. In my free time, I love going out and meeting new people as well as swimming, acting, dancing and biking. I cannot wait to continue these hobbies at Cal! Additionally, I love learning languages and can currently speak fluent English and French as well as some Spanish. At the moment, I'm trying to learn Italian. 	First and foremost, I would like to take this class in order to expand my creativity. I would love to create aesthetic websites, pleasing to the eye without the need for a subscription to websites such as Weebly or Wix. I would love to be able to know how to create a website that I can truly call my own, that I have specifically designed from start to finish. Furthermore, through coding and design, I hope to learn how to incorporate some of my favorite bloggers style into my projects. Second, I wish to learn how to make websites in order to spread information about causes I believe in, such as climate change and international humanitarian aid from the United Nations among others. Hopefully, by taking this class I can combine my love for design and my love for these causes and can create a chic website while tackling heavy issues in order to create balance between the two. Lastly, I also want to take this class in order to learn programming languages such as HTLM, JavaScript, and CSS which are vital to my future career in computer Science. By taking this decal, I’ll be able to not only learn the fundamentals of these languages but also how to apply them in a useful and concrete manner. 	CS Kickstart designed a 5 day program, right before the fall semester started, for freshmen interested in Computer Science to discover the field. I, along with my peers, did learn a bit of html and how to build a website using it as well as how to use github.io.
My name is Hannah Kim, and I'm a second year majoring in Data Science and Cognitive Science. My dream is to work for the government in the civic technology field! In my free time, I enjoy reading (fiction and non-fiction!), going to the RSF and taking random classes, lab assisting for Data 8, thrifting, and watching Vice documentaries. 	Making "websites" was a hobby of mine in middle school (does anyone remember Weebly? Wix? Gotta love that click and drag). I've always wanted to make the leap from GUI website builders to scratch, but I get stumped on how to translate what I want the page to look like from my brain onto the paper. I have no idea how to make a site interactive and beautiful! I love minimalist design and simple flow and would love to create a site that embodies this. I'd also love to meet other people who are at the same stage in learning web design as I am!	Nothing past a simple one-page site.
I am a passionate and detail-oriented first-year student who is looking to gain more hands-on coding experience through actually creating products (i.e. websites) that I can apply my graphic design skills to. I have always been very interested in how I can apply everything I’ve learned about ‘the consumer’ and ‘user experience’ to creating a very usable and convenient website that is easy to navigate and pleasing to look at. I have four and a half years experience with graphic design software, such as Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, and Indesign, as I have designed everything from magazine spreads to posters to business cards to app interfaces. The design knowledge, experience, and skills I possess has opened my mind to the world of solving problems in creative ways, as I have learned to work with various softwares to produce my vision, and I hope I will be able to apply such skills to creating beautiful and efficient websites. 	When I took CS 61A this past fall, the project I enjoyed most was ‘Ants,’ where we essentially created a tower defense game and were able to see it come to life. I got the chance to interact with my code (in the form of a game) and it was then that I realized learning different CS languages could not be done just by solving practice worksheets and completing exams--but by creating something that you can interact with and first-hand test out. So that’s what I’m hoping to get out of this decal course--a chance to learn the skills and languages needed to create a ‘tangible’ website that allows me to draw on both my creative and logical sides. I am sure this course will provide me with a way to further explore my graphic design passion--however, through a new medium, as I will no longer be able to directly edit files by simply creating a rectangle or line, but rather through reimagining my design in the form of code. In addition, this is the only decal I am truly interested in and excited for, so I hope you allow me the chance to learn more about web design!	I have not had previous web design experience; however, I do have two years of coding experience. I know it’s not much, but I am hoping to use any previous knowledge or skills attained in my school courses and apply them to learning the new languages in this decal course. I believe that I will be able to effectively use the studying and practice methods I used when learning Python in CS 61A and self teaching myself Java to become more familiar with HTML, CSS, and Javascript. I am incredibly excited to apply the logical and structured aspects of computer science to create a beautiful and efficient website that I can share with my friends and family. 
I am a first-year student intending computer science and music major. I am an artistic and creative person. I write songs and produce music. I also create various forms of art work such as photography, pottery, and paintings. 	I wish to create a mass media studio which promotes my own music and artwork and also explores the arts of talented people in Berkeley. My first step is to create a website. After taking this class, I hope to gain more comprehensive knowledge which will help me start to build the website and create my brand.	 Yes but using software such as Wix and Squarespace 
I’m a graduate student studying information science, focusing on human-computer interaction. I did my undergraduate degree in London and am originally from Hong Kong, which is why I have picked up a mix of British, American and Cantonese colloquialisms over the years. I’m interested in pursuing a career in design and have done internships ranging from UI/UX to marketing and web design in San Francisco, London and Hong Kong. 	I’m passionate about the intersection between design and technology, particularly how human beings interact with new forms of technology. I’ve always been interested in the web because it enables anyone from across the world to collaborate and create something for everyone to use. I remember building my first websites as a kid using geocities and making things look nice using HTML and CSS on Neopets. I don’t consider myself a good programmer but I’ve always seen code as a vehicle to be creative and I hope to learn more about web design through this decal as it has been a while since I have designed a website from scratch and my knowledge might be outdated.	Yes
I'm Ivo, Third year EECS, aside from CS, I'm also a sports fan, particularly NBA and the warriors. I started coding during high school and HTML was my 'language' to begin with. Later, I started grew interest in web development but I had to put this aside due to other CS course workload. Aside from coding, I'd love to watch NBA highlights and watching random youtube videos. I really love learning 'fun-facts' to the point that I would sometimes cook some random recipe I found from Buzzfeed food channel.	During last winter internship, I had the opportunity to play with Django and some javascript and during that time I was curious in formally grasping the knowledge of designing a web app from scratch with proper guidelines using the right tools. Another reason why I am taking this class is to provide me some weekend activities. I was hoping that during my weekend free-time, I could pick up some powerful frameworks that would help me visualize my web portofolio and fulfill my interest in design that had been overdue.	Yes, I learned a bit of Django, and often did CSS tweaking.
I'm a junior double majoring in CS and Business at UC Berkeley. I'm interested in project management, web development and artificial intelligence. I have built a few websites on my own. www.scalabel.ai bdd-data.berkeley.edu	I got to know about this class from Seth Lu, one of your instructors for Fa 18. I'm interested in web development and have built a few websites before. I have a strong sense of user and I can bring such ideas to our DeCal's community. I'd also love to hone my skills in this class. 	Have built a few websites on my own. Mainly self-taught
Hello,  My name is Nick. I like to spend my free time surfing and riding motorcycles. I also like to travel. I have been to about thirty different countries. This Winter break, me and my girlfriend ( who also is applying for this decal, her name is Ngoc Hua ) went on a trip to Costa Rica / Panama! We think it would be really fun to take this decal together! Go Bears!	I really want to be about to show case my projects. Also, Building a website is  huge part of being able to deploy a project. I have a decent amount of experience  programming and creating applications for phones, but no formal training in web design. I think that I need some guidance in website design to be a more rounded software developer.	I have done a few tutorials building a website with Flask. I Messed around with the Jinja 2 primer. I hosted it on an Amazon EC2 Instance and modified the code to see how to make new buttons and task bars. 
I am passionate about the intersection of business and technology. Technology has been a big disruptor for many businesses and traditional business models (EG: conventional taxis are losing out to smarter platforms - ride hailing apps). I have developed skills over my past internships to gain a better understanding of both worlds so as to act as an effective communicator. I have analyzed millions of eCommerce data to build a better transaction engine, developed a customized CRM platform to automate investment reports for a Venture Capital and done two consulting projects for Fortune 500 companies during my internship at Accenture Strategy. However, one core aspect that I have yet to develop is front-end capabilities and honing my design acumen and I hope to begin work on this.	Web development is an extremely important skill that I lack. Furthermore, this class will help to develop my design acumen as well. I look forward to interacting with the facilitators and learning alongside my peers while working on skills which I am hoping to build. This class will be a great start for me and I would prefer this over online learning any day. 	I had very little experience with html while trying to start a blog, mostly copying and tweaking templates.
I’m a 27 yr old transfer student from Sonoma, Ca. I’m a Sociology and I have zero coding experience. 	Although I am a Sociology Major, I know that tech skills are probably most valued skills in the work force today. Web development skill can be used in a number of indutries and settings. I believe that coding is something anyone can do and I plan on proving that by learning these skills. I am very interested in tech and I hope this class can help me learn the skills I need to build my own websites and more.	None at all
I spend a lot of my time in the 2nd floor Davis lab making (and breaking) concrete samples. I like to swim, read, play video games, or watch videos in my free time. The Legend of Zelda is my favorite video game franchise, and FMA Brotherhood is the best overall anime I've ever watched. I also listen to a lot of music and spend too much time making Spotify playlists. I also have two cats, and am interested in a career in public transportation or construction (especially heavy civil) in the future.	I want to take this class to learn to make quality websites, both in terms of how it looks and ease for the user. In particular, I want to use the skills I learn in this class to make a website for my co-op, the People of Color Theme House, that can be added to easily after I leave the house.	I don't have and web design experience, but I have used Python and Matlab for data analysis purposes.
I am an exchange student from Sweden who loves to dance in her spare time. I study business and want to work within marketing. I am a social lion who will never shut up and I will do whatever it takes to reach my goals. 	I am a person who wants to learn everything and websites is something high up on this list. Since I want to work as a marketing manager I believe it is crucial to be able to handle the company´s websites. Also many internships I want to apply for summer, knowledge within webdesign is a plus. 	No but I am eager to learn!
Hi there, I'm Cherry! 🌱 I am currently a junior studying Urban Design at the College of Environmental Design, with a passion for human-centered design. As an advocator for empathic design, I am inspired by the challenge to create trust, joy, and meaningful interaction through my work - ranging from public spaces to user interfaces!  I was born in Taipei City and raised in Hong Kong among the culturally stimulating narrow alleys and iconic skyscrapers, and have come to see design problems with both a physical and cultural dimension. Above all, I'm an avid storyteller committed to bridging equity and social connectedness by designing seamless digital and physical experiences for users of all abilities.  In my spare time, I like to cuddle up in my bed watching Wes Anderson films, I'm also a huge John Mayer fan and a ramen enthusiast! ✨	Since freshman year, I've had the opportunity to develop my graphic + brand design skills through decals, design clubs, and the help from a group of amazingly talented student designers on campus! With that being said, I really appreciate how approachable the design/ UIUX community is here at Cal and would love to be able to further develop my technical Web Design skills by taking this class.   I look forward to having an organized schedule to follow and to be able to pace my learning by having weekly assignments/ feedbacks from the class. I also seek to develop a critical eye through the 'Design Section' of class by evaluating design decisions on webpages, and be able to engage in meaningful discussions with other peers in class. Lastly, given the lack of opportunities provided by my area of studies - Urban Design, I'm excited to gain hands-on experience in programming and coding, and to really solidify my knowledge - whether it be theory or practical skills - in Web Design!	Given my studies in Urban Design, I haven't had the chance to take any programming or coding classes/ web design classes - but I do have experience in creating low-high fidelity wire-frames using Figma for my club Berkeley Innovation and have an understanding of user-flow/web layout design. 
I'm a junior student major in CS. I've been explored the beauty in backend coding and introduced to theories in data science. I've always been interested in front end and web design and find this decal exactly what I want. I am super excited to join this class and explore designing from scratch. 	In the upcoming summer I will be interning at industry as a fullstack developer as the start of my career. However, I've been focusing on backend for my past two years at Berkeley and I am very eager to learn frontend design. Besides, I am purely fascinated by design and like to be creative. 	No. Mostly backend experience
I’m a first gen and I’m a Latina that needs to improve her dancing skills. I am graduating in May and with a L&S major I need to have skills and this class would help me have web designing as a tool for a job and for myself 	I am really interested in learning to design websites. It would be a fun and very useful skill to have. I mean what if finding a job it’s a difficult process then I still get to do something on the side	No. I went to high school in El Salvador so I barely learned the Microsoft basic. I was until I came to the States five years ago that I got my first computer.
Hello Linus and team, I am an aspiring entrepreneur and want to change the world through tech. I was in your intro to entrepreneurship class and had the app Crunch!, which would predict the approximate wait times at dining halls and other locations. I want to learn how to further build projects on the internet and such. I am new to computer science, but I have realized this is my passion and have very high ambitions and determination to become one of the greats and change our world.	^ I would like a solid foundation upon which I can build great projects of my own. I am also really interested in the design aspects because I have a rather technical personality and  want to be introduced to or get better at that way of thinking.	No. Made a free website in 10 minutes using wixsite but I don’t think that really counts
My name is Ayan Chowdhury and I’m a 3rd Year pursuing a Cognitive Science Major and a Computer Science Minor. I was born in Anaheim, but for a majority of my life was raised in Sacramento. My main passion has always been basketball and I don’t think that’ll change anytime soon. I love everything about it, from the NBA and the storylines that are constantly unfolding to the process of becoming a better basketball player myself (aka going to the gym and getting those gainzzzz). In terms of music, I really like listening to hip hop and my favorite rapper at the moment would have to be Kodak Black. His music is really genuine and I think that’s the sort of vibe I like in general. I value people who are able to be genuine to themselves, however I understand that I struggle with that myself. I think that makes me a bit more restrained to people at first, but once I’m comfortable around people I much more receptive. I guess an interesting fact about me is that I really love dino nuggets. I really don’t think regular chicken nuggets can compare to dino nuggets (other than McNuggets and that’s because they’ve perfected the crispy to chewy ratio) because eating dinosaurs in nugget form is pretty cool and I think that helps it taste better from my perspective.  	I wanted to take this class because although I’ve been taking CS courses and been involved with programming I haven’t really been able to view programming from a creative perspective. Web Design is really interesting to me because I’m fascinated by the idea that the way we design a website significantly influences how we think about the website. Websites that are elegantly created are often more likely to have their message resonate with me more. I hope that by joining the WebDesign DeCal I would be able to explore my creative side as well as learn the essentials of web design from a programming perspective. Additionally, I hope to get a lot out of the class because I think that web design is one area of programming that I haven’t really had the ability to explore, and I think it’s important that I do. The world that we operate in today relies heavily on our interaction with the internet and to be able to have an idea of how to create my own space within the internet and then implement my vision exactly how I want it seems very exciting. 	I have not.
I'm a junior transfer student from the Bay Area. I'm pretty into weightlifting and watching hockey/basketball/The Office. Sushi is the greatest food and Madelines are the greatest dessert. My most urgent life goal is learning how to meal prep so I stop wasting so much money! I want to make the most of my two years at Cal in terms of extracurriculars and exciting courses and this class obviously lines up with those goals.	I recently discovered html/css and I'm pretty blown away by how much control the designer has over every element of their website! It's pretty neat to see how sleek and captivating pages are now compared to the 90s, and I'm hoping to learn enough to turn web design into a creative outlet and, with any luck, a full time job after graduation.	None
I have always had an infatuation customization. Growing up, I would spend a lot of time custom-making cards for my family and friends. I enjoyed making them because it would allow me to reminisce on the experiences I have shared with the person and remind me of why they were special to me. Graphic design brings me a similar joy because it is art with a purpose. I am always excited to express my creativity in new techniques, mediums, and technologies.	I want to take this course because I want to build my skill set for a career in graphic design after graduation. As a senior with a major that does not align with graphic design, I want to immerse myself in settings that will help cultivate my skills. I tried taking online courses but I want something more interactive and structured to keep me accountable. 	I understand enough html to update a website with relevant content. However, I do not know how to implement design ideas onto a web page. 
I'm a junior transfer student. Prior to Cal, I worked as a graphic artist for 20 years. I've also worked as a communications consultant for a few non profits in CA. My passion is advocacy on college access for undocumented students. Now I lead visual storytelling workshops to illustration and claim immigrant narratives. I'd love to attend because I'm not interested in digital storytelling.	I want to use interactive and web design to promote individual empowerment, civic engagement and cultural openings. I believe the school would allow me to reach my potential as a creative change maker because it’s a place that embraces emerging new fields in design and technology.	I designed online tool to help students learn about their in-state tuition eligibility in CA based on their immigration status. https://immigrantsrising.org/qualifier/  I've also created a couple of websites using Squarespace and Wordpress. But I don't know much coding.
Hi! I'm Neel. I'm a freshman and an intended CS and Applied Math double major. My greatest fascination even as a child was with computers from Photoshopping my face onto my favorite athletes to building iOS apps, my fascination with this machine has manifested itself in different ways over time. Apart from CS, I love to cook and go on runs. I'm a coffee aficionado to the point where I would like to have my own cafe, and I'm excited to take this class.	I've always appreciated the thought that goes behind design from clothes to buildings to actual art. For someone like me who is about as artistically inclined as a rock, I just never thought about taking up anything that required you to be creative or implemented design in some way. This DeCAL gives me a unique opportunity to understand and apply design through the lens of computer science in a way. I've always wanted to get insight into the thought that goes into design from color palettes to shapes, and I think this DeCAL will allow me to understand or at the very glimpse at that same thought process which is the reason why I want to do this course. 	None
I'm a bioengineering junior with computational biology concentration, and as my current research interests lies in the genomic analysis that apply computer science and engineering into a biology context. During my free time I enjoy playing piano, watching Anime, and covering kpop songs. 	I always wanted to renew/create a better website for the lab I'm current interned in, as their webpage neither clear nor aesthetically cool. Creating a personal website is also always one of my goal, and it would be great if I can uploaded my vlog/piano cover/dance cover to keep record and share with people in an organized and beautiful way. Finally, since visualization is a crucial component of computational biology, it would be great if I can apply the design/web developing skills gained from this class to aid my further lab work.	Nope
Pouring my milk before cereal and having a huge fear of balloons (globophobia, it’s actually a thing), I tend to come off as a somewhat, if not very, “weird” person. However, I consider myself as a down-to-earth person, and I love to crack dumb jokes even when it’s not necessary. Although I can go on about every trait about myself, I believe that my most important quality is my curiosity and courage to explore. From experiences such as emceeing for a pep rally in front of a thousand people in high school to playing pickup basketball with intimidating (and buff) graduate students at RSF, I learned that stepping out of my comfort zone is not necessarily a bad thing, but rather rewarding and maybe even fun. These experiences have not only taught me how to take advantage of new opportunities, but also allowed me to challenge myself to adapt to new scenarios. As a result, I grew and am still growing as an individual that is trying to see what aspects of my life that I can expand on through all of the trivial and/or important opportunities that I can take ahold of.	As a preferred backend programmer, creativity is not my forte. Therefore, I forced myself to believe that looking at and working on plain backend code would be satisfying itself. However, I joined Codeology last semester and chose to work on a tile game in iOS app development using Swift and Xcode simply because the other projects were boring. Although I made a simple game, the learning process and overall experience was very rewarding and entertaining, which I did not expect at all. New concepts such as views and controllers fascinated me and taught me how it could affect a user’s experience. As a result, I developed a big interest in frontend programming. I really want to take this class not only because I believe that this is a great opportunity to expand on a new path of interest in my CS career, but also because the WDD offers a supportive learning environment with experienced web designers for new beginners like me. Furthermore, this class provides an opportunity to completely break out of my backend programming bubble and set new goals such as building my own cool personal website through the skills that I would acquire (new year, new me). Through this class, I hope to develop my newfound passion in frontend programming to create and improve user experiences through web design in personal goals or possibly my career (or maybe even improve my "limited" artistic ability).	Just some experience from web builders like Weebly and Wordpress.
I’m Yuchen Zhang, a CS major sophomore at Berkeley. I used to be a tennis lover but got ass kicked in PE at cal. I’m a Warhammer Fantasy fan and one translator in the community, also loves Mr. Lovecraft. I did a lot of interesting projects like writing operating system, POAP, CCNA, and CPU design (yeah, it’s for 61C, sad face). I finished a lot of theoretical classes last semester, enjoying them a lot. This year I want to try something that can get my hand dirty, so I’m in CS188 and applying for this decal.	As a programmer I write lots of code ranging from scripts changing filenames to  neuron networks doing photo recognition. I designed and implemented service, but then I just give it to someone else, not knowing anything about deployment. This used to work fine, until I began to have communication issues, find more bugs, and fail to efficiently use many packages. Especially during my internship in last summer, when I was help designing a ODL feature, in the deployment phase I was not helpful at all. I want to change it, beginning by learning web design. That’s why I am applying this decal.	I did made a simple web during high school, but it is very primitive. It was never put into use either, because it was for memes . :)
I'm Nada, a genetics and plant bio major who enjoys drawing and spending time outdoors. I'm from Egypt originally but I've been living in SoCal for a long time. I like puzzles, hiking, the periodic table of elements and books. 	My friends and I have been doing online hacking CTFs for a while now and besides cryptography (my all time favorite category) web design has always been intriguing to me. My friend and I are building a website called park nationalists to document our journey visiting all the national parks and want to make it interactive and aesthetic. My friend is studying computer science at UCSD and this shared project is important to me. You know besides all the benefits that come with knowing how to design a beautiful and functional website.	The only experience I had was in a couple of quick sessions in kickstart 2018, I made this horrifying website for my friend: https://jillykoko.github.io
I am a junior majoring in Legal Studies from New York City. I am someone who is generally pretty independent (in the sense that I’d rather be able to do something myself than ask other people to do it for me), organized (I love logistics), and very detail-oriented. Despite my major in Legal Studies, I am interested in the intersection of business, art, and technology. My hobbies include fashion design, graphic design, dance, and volleyball. On campus, I have been Vice Executive of AFX Dance and Design Director of FAST. I have also directed a dance team and have designed 4 different clothing collections. Most of my artwork is rooted in traditional art as opposed to graphic art, but I am working on transitioning to graphic design in a world where technology is becoming increasingly important. I took the Intro to Photoshop & Illustrator Decal last year and have been practicing the skills I’ve learned. I want to take it a step further and not only be able to create art, but to create an entire website. I’ve also been involved in many other organizations on campus, including Blue & Gold Yearbook, Berkeley Advertising Agency, and K-Popular. My experience being in so many clubs has forced me to do research on a lot of different websites, and, needless to say, I have come out of that wanting to learn how to make a website that is both easy to use and aesthetically pleasing.	In a society where technology is increasingly important, having skills related to coding is extremely useful. As a humanities major, I want to take this class because web design is the aspect of coding that is the most interesting to me. Beyond wanting to have these skills to be more attractive/useful/unique as a job applicant in the fashion or marketing industry, I want to have the skills for the sake of having them. I believe that I can learn more than just web design by taking this Decal; I want to be able to create a website entirely up to my own aesthetics and choices and, in the process of learning web design, I hope to learn more about UI/UX design and how things can be made more user-friendly. Everyone has had experiences when they’ve been frustrated with a website because it’s not user-friendly and confusing or because it’s just ugly. Instead of being frustrated that other websites are bad, I want to be able to use the knowledge I learn in this Decal to make one myself. In addition, I want to learn to design my own website to showcase my work in art and fashion and use it as both a portfolio and a blog. From this class, I hope to learn not only how to create such a website, but also how to design one that even my grandparents would have no trouble learning how to navigate.	no
For the past three years, I have volunteered in John Muir Hospital, where I helped doctors deliver food and sanitation devices. Eventually, I served as a shift supervisor and was able to learn more about the intricacies of various departments within the hospital. Through my experiences, I learned the struggle that patients go through as they fight diseases and recover.  Along with my hospital experience, I volunteered at a pharmacy for four years. These two volunteer experiences enabled me to realize the struggle of patients as they search for a drug to help them combat their deadly ailments. I believe it is the utmost priority to advance our understanding of pharmaceuticals and ascertain which ones are optimal for healing. My most recent experience is at HealthSherpa, which is a company that aims to help people find health insurance through ObamaCare. I gained tremendous experience by developing Excel sheets in the Operations department and understanding the insurance policies behind different drugs. Additionally, I had the opportunity to shadow web developers at HealthSherpa and learn how they code their website. Since HealthSherpa is a startup, I was constantly learning in a fast paced, cutting edge environment.  After my experience at HealthSherpa, I knew I wanted to do something related to computer science. I started exploring various fields and I am still amazed at how many different fields there are in within computer science. I am still curious to learn more and develop my computer science skills. 	During my time at HealthSherpa, I had the privilege to shadow some of their web developers and learn about the infrastructure they use for their website. They showed me what react is and ruby on rails, but I never used these libraries or software before. I wanted to create my own website and started with a html website with css. I was able to learn a lot from online resources, but I wanted to improve. After hearing stories from my friend who took this class last semester, I decided to try to enroll in this decal because it sounds like a good place for me to learn more about web development.   Ever since HealthSherpa, I have been teaching myself html and css. However, there are many times that I get stuck on roadblocks and do not have anyone to ask for help. I want a more comprehensive guide to web design and to take a in person class so I can ask a person more questions if I have any.   	A little bit. I know some skills in html and javascript. 
I am a current junior studying Cognitive Science with a minor in Computer Science. Some interests of mine include Salesforce CRM Technology as well as a recent interest in learning more about UX/UI design and front-end development. My interest in learning more about UX/UI design actually stemmed from me discovering and messing around with the browser's inspect element. Initially it was fun temporarily editing the text on webpages to manipulate information and prank my friends but at the same time it was really interesting to see the source code of websites. I would like to explore more on how front-end programming such as HTML/Javascript works in forming the designs and various functionalities of a website. Other fun interests of mine also include swimming, exercising, and playing the piano!	This past semester I took the Ruby on the Rails decal and learned how to write and deploy simple websites using Rails. It was very interesting and I learned a lot about web development although the decal did not cover much about web designing. This is part of the reason why I am interested in taking this decal so  that I may be able to not only deploy websites, but also create websites that have beautiful designs and are appealing to other users that come across them. I have been very interested in learning more about front-end development and feel that this would also be a great start for me to explore UX/UI design.	I have made a website portfolio using Adobe Portfolio but do not have experience web designing through programming.
Hi! My name is Joanne and I'm a Media Studies major focusing on marketing. I'm passionate about film/television; I recently began venturing into video production and had a lot of fun documenting my summer travels. Although I'm still learning the ropes, I really enjoy the process of making videos, and I plan on making more in the future! Outside of my personal interests, I work professionally in marketing & PR, and am actively looking for ways to expand my skills in the fields -- such as web design!	As a Media Studies major, I'm always looking for more ways to expand my digital presence. Web design is totally new territory for me, so I'd love to learn what I can do with it and how. I have both a personal and professional interest in web design; I've always talked with my cousin about creating a digital bookshelf for the poetry she authors, and I also know that this class will help provide ideas on how I can improve clients' profiles.	I have some experience in graphic design, but none in web design / coding!
I'm late to the computer science world but very excited by it! I studied Gender Studies my first two years at Barnard College and made my way to Cal to pursue CS/Data Science. I'm from Hawai‘i, mixed race, and interested in how I can use technology for social good. I figure a great place to start any of that is building a website. I also am a freelance photographer (https://taylormcpherson.myportfolio.com) and it seems sad that I haven't made my own website -- right now I am using prepared templates. I'd love to take this decal for a million reasons, but as an artist, human being, and emerging computer-science-er it feels like the ideal place to get things going! I would be honored to take part in this class -- thank you in advance for offering it!	Oops! I got a little ahead of myself in the last response. To elaborate, I have tried to sit myself down (too many times) to watch youtube tutorials of how to build a website. I'm more of an in-person, small group type of learner, and quickly find myself bored listening to someone talk to a screen on youtube. The pace never seems quite right and the amount of time I would need to put in to youtube to be successful never feels sustainable. Finding this decal was really exciting because it could be an opportunity to finally learn this skill set in person! I'm really committed to learning, and really hope I can participate this semester!	Aside from the failed youtube sit-ins mentioned above, none!
I was born in Korea and moved around in SoCal and Pennsylvania as I grew up. I enjoy trying new exotic foods and seeing different types of culture. I enjoy biking (biking down to the marina is really nice in the spring time). I am currently a senior in BioE minoring in EECS. I also do research on campus with microfluidic devices to characterize mechanical properties of cancer cells, which we hope to use in cancer diagnostics in the future. In my free time outside of class, I enjoy singing and am a part of an a cappella group on campus called Artists in Resonance. I am also trying to learn how to play the guitar. After graduating from Berkeley, I intend to pursue a PhD in BioE.	I have always wanted to learn how to create a website since middle school. My first step to learning how to make a website was looking at some coding tutorials on YouTube in high school. Unfortunately, it was difficult to stay motivated due to my commitments in school and the lack of regimented schedule. I know that there are many tools nowadays to create websites easily in a templated manner, but I would like to learn how it is done properly to make a unique and aesthetically pleasing website. From this class I would love to learn how to create my own personal website that is visually captivating while being functional and easy to navigate. As a graduating senior, I have still yet to take a decal, and WDD seems like a great first/last decal for me to take as I finish off my college career. I think that this decal has a lot to offer, and I would benefit a lot from learning about web design!	I have tried learning basic HTML and CSS on my own over the summer, but it was difficult to stay motivated while having a summer job.
Hi! I'm Michelle and I'm currently a sophomore pursuing a Cognitive Science degree! Yeah, I was one of thOse people that thought they were going to go into Computer Science but L&S you know, so I have coding background but not the degree :P. Academia wise, I'm interested in front-end/design aspect of coding, psychology (was tempted to take that criminal psych decal), and languages. I've got like 4 languages lined up on Duolingo and I'm literally lvl. 20 in German but not remotely fluent in any of them. Non-academia wise, I spend a majority of my free time on YouTube and get most my memes from 👏👏 Meme Review so you kind of get the gist as to what kind of person I am. I'm also pretty passionate about animal rescue but haven't done much as of yet so this semester I really wish to apply myself there. I also skateboard sometimes and am pretty into photography. 	I've always been into design and applying my skills in Photoshop/Illustrator in other more productive ways than just make gifsets for Tumblr. After taking CS160 last semester, I really became interested in using design in technology. I think learning how to design a website (not just using Wix) and new languages would be really useful as well.	Nope :D
I am a Vietnamese American. I had a difficult childhood, growing up with no parents for most of my life but here I am now, at Berkeley. Being accepted to Berkeley has been my greatest accomplishment in my life and it made me really look forward to my future. Unfortunately, I recently failed to declare Computer Science and now my future seems bleak. However, I will continue to persevere and try to improve myself. Taking this decal is one of the things that will improve me. I will learn new skills that I may need in the future in order to succeed.	I want to learn how to develop my own web page in order to create a proper portfolio. Also, I would like the option of being a web developer as a career. I recently failed a coding interview at a big company because I did not know Javascript. I hope to re-apply again after taking this decal with better knowledge of the language.  	I made a website with wordpress.
I play tennis, ski, and occasionally eat Tostitos scoops. When it rains, I code. But I want to start coding also when it's not raining. Hence, this application (I know that syntax is grammatically incorrect).   I grew up in mid-coastal Maine. There was no internet there.   Just kidding, of course there was, but local websites were ugly. When I moved to the Bay Area, I was stunned by the smooth layout of our local coffeeshops' websites*.   I've always wondered how. So now I've finally decided to pursue the truth... and learn the meaning of "javascript".  *http://coffeeshop411.com	I feel that Berkeley EECS does a really good  job developing strong back-end programmers, but there don't seem to really be any classes on front-end development. I am interested in having an at least passable understanding of all areas of programming, and this decal seems like an excellent introduction to front-end development.   I actually recently started learning HTML and CSS on my own so this decal caught my eye immediately. 	Some basic HTML and CSS
I’m a cheerful freshman intending to major in applied math. I want to be a researcher in the future simulating biological systems or mathematically modeling for fields of psychology. I’m an international student from Seoul, Korea (South). I lived there my whole life and moved to the US as I started attending Berkeley. Moving to a place that is culturally so different was kind of hard, but I’m enjoying every day as I get to experience the diversity at Berkeley. Outside of academics, I’m a musician. I spend my spare time writing songs or playing the piano. I try to express all my negative thoughts and emotions through music and stay positive and calm in my real life. I might be a little shy at first, but as I get used to the people and the environment, I become much more talkative. I’m looking forward to meeting new people from different backgrounds with their own unique interests in this decal. 	I'm currently in the club Women in Mathematics, and I really want to join the club board for web design. Unfortunately, I don't have any experience in web design, so I would love to learn and gain some experience before applying to the position. Also, I always yearned to learn web design in high school seeing my friends work for the web design team in the school student committee. The fact that an individual could play a part in building the school alumni website really opened my eyes. I had never thought that one could build one’s own unique platform using computer languages and design skills. Finally, as a songwriter, I want to design my own website and post my songs, lyrics and their meanings as a means to share it with my friends, and hopefully with a larger audience. Living in 21st century where everything revolves around the internet and the online world, learning skills to develop my own website will help me present myself throughout my life.	No. (But I learned a little bit of C++ and Java in high school.)
Hi! My name is Rachel Sumadi and I am a junior currently studying business. Growing up, my eyes were always glued to aesthetic designs and packaging whereas my heart was drawn to business. In the process of trying to merge my two greatest interest, I stumbled upon marketing. I used to heavily doubt my ability to excel in the tech field and shied away from it, only to discover that I felt in touch with the business side of design and how important it is in reflecting and conveying the personalty and vision of the company through it. However, I now want to take up the challenge of an interest I timidly avoided and involve myself in both the intricate and mesmerizing process that goes behind web design. 	With the increasingly digital world we live in, it is important for businesses to keep up with ongoing trends and follow where consumers are going and that is by having a stronger digital presence. Having an alluring user interface is now an indispensable aspect to the overall customer experience that will ultimately aid in customer acquisition and retention. I believe that this class can help propel me towards a promising marketing career in this specific area while all at the same time fulfilling my great passion to learn more about the back end of web design. Taking this class will truly enrich my academic experience in a way other classes will never be able to and I am beyond than excited to be part of this new learning experience.	Unfortunately no, but I am eager to maximize my learning experience through this decal
I am a freshman from Southern California currently intending on double majoring in Economics and Sociology. I say currently because, in reality, I don't know what I want to do in my life yet, but I hope to find something that allows me to create some change for the better in the world. Outside of academics, I enjoy writing and reading, playing volleyball, taking photos for my friends, and online shopping. I swing wildly from mom-friend to child depending on how hungry and tired I am, eat too much junk food, enjoy working out (except running, I refuse to run), and have a tendency to take really long naps (power naps? idk her). I am a introvert, a competitive person, and I laugh at stupid stuff. 	When I was younger, I wanted to be an author. As I've grown older, I've never lost a love for language and writing. I think what fascinates me about communication is that ever-present tension between the concept I desire to convey, and the interpretation that my reader takes away from my words, one influenced by their own experiences and imagination. When I began to discover design in high school, I learned that the beauty and complications of communication that I found in writing were present here, too. Design became another way for me to express myself. At Berkeley, I became a part of the design staff for Caliber Magazine, and through my work, I realized that I greatly appreciated the creativity that design encompassed, the extra beauty and satisfaction that it added to my life. I wanted to continue to develop my design skills, trying to figure out how design could fit into my career goals, rather just being relegated to a hobby. At the same time, I decided to start integrating programming into my education. Web design seems like the perfect way for me to explore the two areas I desired to branch out in; I can learn about a new area of design while testing the waters with coding. I hope that being accepted into this decal and completing it will give me an introduction to the world of web design, strengthen my idea of what careers I want to pursue, and deepen my appreciation for design as a discipline. 	I do not have previous web design experience.
My name is Janice. I am a Statistics major who have a passion for the arts and love to engage in creative activities. Some of my hobbies/interests include dancing, watching films, listening to K-pop and bullet-journaling. My favorite color is (hex code) #AFEEEE, my favorite font is Calibri, and my favorite emoji is 🗿.	When I was in high school, I used to have a tumblr blog and thought how cool it must be to be able to design my own tumblr theme. I don't update that blog anymore, but knowing how to make a website still seems like a practical and useful skill to have in the future. By the end of this course, I hope to gain more experience in coding and maybe start a personal website.	Not much
I am an international student from Ghana, I a senior and the spring semester will be my last semester at Cal. I always wanted to take this D-CAl so I hope I get in this time. 	I would like to learn how to design websites, I am a cofounder of an NGO and hope to start another enterprise hence I will like to know how to design websites so that I manage/maintain the website for the enterprise and the NGO. 	No, I only have basic understanding of HTML 
I am from Singapore. I’ve never been to the States before. It’s also my first time living abroad. My hobbies include watching sitcoms, reading literary novels and listening to melody-based music. I get creative spikes from time to time. Bringing ideas into fruition remains the one of the greatest challenges in life. I pray for world peace and more sleep for fellow Bears. 	I hope to gain some basic coding experience through this class. I also have a creative mind – I write think pieces, jokes, improvise music, make photo edits from time to time. I hope to create an online platform which allows me to express myself, present my content in a unique way, unrestricted by current formats on every other social media platform. On a practical note, web design is also an essential skill since websites are platforms for any business venture to introduce products and communicate with customers alike. In particular, having worked in a hotel reservations department before, I hope to gain more insights into sales and marketing through official websites. Lastly, I hope to meet like-minded individuals through the class!	I used to run a blog which I could design using templates or custom tools, but both involve no coding at all. That’s the closest I ever get to web design. 
Hi there! My name is Joy Xie and I'm a junior studying Economics with a minor in Computer Science (bc majoring is too hard ;-;). I was born in Chicago but grew up in Shanghai, China after moving there in first grade. During the semester, I play badminton, drink too much boba, and suffer through almost every CS class that I take. I have a ten year old poodle named Seth at home and one day if he lets me I'll get a cat too. 	Since I have no experience in web design, I would love to learn how front end works since all the introductory CS classes I've taken only deal with back end stuff. My friends have all said really great things about this class, and it seemed like a fun way to begin learning about websites and user experience and design in general. 	Nope :(
I’m a creative, upbeat person who enjoys the outdoors, obsesses over TV shows, and loves design. Outside of all my work, I try to get out as much as possible with friends/family since I love to explore new places! I’ve lived in the Bay Area almost my whole life so I’ve always got recommendations for places around here, whether its for hiking or photography. When I’m not outside, I’m usually inside watching some TV show or movie (currently watching and getting confused by Westworld), with a general trend towards the Marvel universe. I enjoy the creative aspects of film and will occasionally geek out about it, whether it's a movie’s score or trivial details on way it was shot. This goes on to my love for design — it isn’t just around products and illustrations but also the functionalities and aesthetics of everything around us, including buildings, fashion, and more! I first began to learn design in high school and developed my skills through promotional designs and various club projects.   In terms of my career, I currently want to go into product design to develop my ability to work with design and technology. In the future, I see myself in an interdisciplinary field largely influenced by design where I can help make an impact in my surrounding communities and ones around the world.	Whenever I visit a website for whatever reason, the design is something that will always immediately stick out to me. I’ve always admired the designs of clean, responsive sites and have wondered how to make them. Some immediate (and random) ones that came to mind include blackrock.com/corporate and ideo.com. I’d love to begin learning how to create websites like these, but have no experience with coding HTML/CSS. I’ve tried learning with Codecademy and Youtube, but didn’t get far until I got bored/unmotivated. However, in a class setting, I feel like I’d be more inclined to learn and actually create a website. I’d love to see how other people taking the course approach their own websites and learn from in-person, experienced instructors. With web design skills, I’d also increase my skillset and experience as a product designer and hopefully be able to work on different types of projects in the future!   Other than projects, I also want to develop a portfolio unique to me. Websites are the first touchpoint in an interaction between a designer and someone else, so I think it's pretty cool that the website itself can be an expression of design. You could learn something about the designer themselves from interacting with the website, and not just through their work. While this is something that would take time to develop, it’s something I eventually want to do to enhance my portfolio and would love to get started with this DeCal! 	No
I am a visiting undergraduate here at Cal for the Spring semester. I majoring in Information Technology in India although I will be taking classes from Sutardja Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology here where I will be learning about building tech startups. I am passionate about solving problems using technology.	DeCals are something that are unique to Cal and I want to experience that while I am here. Web Development is a pretty useful skill for anyone who is interested in Entrepreneurship like myself.	It's been a few years since I have worked on Web Apps although I do have some experience with HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, JS/jQuery and SQL. Here's the website I created back when I was in high school bit.ly/tanmayagrawal. I keep updating the content once in a while.
I am a second-year econ/cs major student that is dedicated to applying knowledge and coding experience into actually building things. As a student finishing up lower division CS courses, I feel that the things that I learned in class are not sufficient for me to create something useful because I just do not have the necessary skills yet. I know that I need to learn more. Since I am a very motivated person, I chose to self-learn. When I was looking for what to learn next, I came across web development. The notion that someday I will be building my own website and it may be used by many more others really excites me. So over the break I learned basics of html and CSS on my own on Codecademy, just to lay down some ground work before actually designing and building a website. From this self-learning experience I know that I have a lot of passion for web design and development. Sometimes I just sat there and spent hours and hours trying different styling for the webpages. At the same time, I was amazed by how many creative webpages that simple code could generate. This experience assured me that majoring in CS was a right decision and it also create a sort of craving in me for more web-related knowledge and skills. Moving into this new semester, I am ready to put myself out there and learn as much as possible.	The main reason is that after learning html and css, I know I still have a long way to go before becoming a professional in web, and I found my passion in web design and development. I cannot wait to learn more in this field. However, there is no cs classes at school that teach you specifically how to design and build a website. Berkeley teaches you a lot of CS concepts and theories and really help you understand them, but I feel that there is a gap: there is not a lot of hands-on opportunities where you utilize your knowledge to actually create things like applications and websites. You can't imagine how excited I was when I first spotted this class in the decal course list. Even though there are a lot of resources online and self-learning is not a bad idea, I think taking a web design class which has a formal class setting as well as instructors and classmates to interact with is the better way to go. Plus, this class perfectly fits into my schedule and one of my friends who took it last semester strongly recommended it. In addition, I am just starting to develop a website with an amazing function. However, I noticed that I am still missing one thing: I don't know how to design a website in a way that is user-friendly. So this class would fill this gap perfectly.	No.
-  I discovered the existence of linguistics in sophomore year of high school and knew it was going to be my major. I like how in this field people attempt to analyze languages logically and mechanically like a scientific subject. Usually we are mainly concerned with using languages as a tool, but I have always found languages themselves intriguing and wanted to explore how these incredibly powerful systems work.  -  Wanting to make gifs was what originally motivated me to download Photoshop a few years ago. However, as I played around with the software’s brilliant features, I also started attempting graphic design. I think web design would be a great way to combine graphic design ideas with my newly-gained coding knowledge from cs61a last semester.  -  Taking Latin 1 last semester was also great, because I can read random words in Lorem Ipsum now.   -  I am right-handed, but I’ve wanted to be a leftie since I was in first grade. I finally started working toward this dream of mine recently. I write down the date and the English alphabet with my left hand every day. Hopefully this somewhat questionable exercise will produce some good results.	A personal website, an online archive for my mothers’ articles, a web-based version of a program I wrote for linguistics class… There is an ongoing list of web-design project ideas that I dream of completing, yet regrettably, I still lack the skills to turn them into reality. That’s why I am extremely grateful of the friend who told me about this DeCal dedicated to building beautiful websites – I have found a place to learn exactly what I need and perhaps even more. Besides, having a history of being easily drawn to artistic tasks with a technical spin, I have no doubt that my venture into web design will bring much excitement and inspiration.	No.
I like websites and wanna go to grad school.	Me and my friend are working on a streaming website but we're both really bad at making websites look good.	No
I am a confident, hard working student, who is passionate about different things. For instances, I love watching films that are intriguing and make the brain think, as well as taking candid pictures of people, and creating and editing short videos of my friends. I love being a psychology major, but I also enjoy learning new things, like last semester I took the card counting decal, and now I can count cards in Blackjack. 	I want to take this class because it will help me learn the basics of web design which will allow me to bring it back to my position as marketing lead in my non-profit organization Team UP. Also learning web design is a necessary skill to have because every field requires a website, and having the ability to actually create a design for a website, will only strengthen mine skill sets.  	I do not. 
I am a Junior at Berkeley studying  Cognitive Science. I come from a small village in Pakistan. I am the only one in my family to attend school past 5th grade. Along with tough programming courses at Berkeley, I keep myself busy with side projects (mainly iPhone applications). I love to build things. I am directors of Technology for the Pakistani Student Association at Cal. I am persistent and highly organized. Other than school and technology, I am an NBA enthusiast. I can argue with anyone endlessly why Lebron is the Greatest to play the game! Other than watching the NBA, I love to play myself. 	I want to take this class because I am planning on going to Pakistan over summer break in order to teach programming in the village I migrated from. My friends back home have absolutely no resources to learn programming. They have no guidance. They have no opportunities. I want to go back and teach them whatever I can. I believe Web Design is the perfect place to start. Therefore, taking this class will allow me to gain fundamental knowledge about Web Design, which I will use to give back to my community back home! 	Yes, I see myself as an intermediate in terms of web design experience. 
My first name is Zi Jun, and you can call me Zi/Zee. I play Ultimate Frisbee with Berkeley’s women’s team and play in an alternative-rock band. We just released an ep recently! Apart from studying and hanging out with friends, I really enjoy writing and playing music. I have a love for all creative things and would very much enjoy being in a discussion regarding art and music. My major is CS and besides being intrigued by how mind-boggling it can be, I am also very happy and proud to be studying something so empowering. I aspire to use technology as a levelling tool, to not only solve problems in the world, but also as a platform for equality and social impact.	Web-design has always been something that everyone raves about. As a CS major, I am highly aware that in today’s world, being equipped with back-end knowledge is not always sufficient and thus would like to expand my skills to web-designing. Having a love for art and music also spurs my interest in beautiful and effective design as I really take pride in designing and coming up with something on my own. This is especially so after taking a class in Human Computer Interaction. I would love to have the chance to design and execute a beautiful website so that I could use this skill for other purposes in the future.	Limited experience with HTML. Have only designed and created blog skins.
Hi! I would say one of my most prominent attributes is that I can work well with almost any type of person.  I am a team builder, an encourager, and I find the best in people and seek to bring that out. I am passionate about people, food (read boba), and living an authentic life. During my free time I sometimes go hiking, read or explore random buildings on campus. I also love to take naps on the grass and go buy boba with friends. 	I stumbled upon web development somewhat by accident while going through the courses on linda.com and I became interested in the unique blend of technical programming skills and creative visual skills that the field seems to offer. I really want to take this class to get a more in depth picture of what web development entails, as well as get hands on experience that I can't get from online classes. I am still trying to figure out what I want to do with my life after college, and from what I have seen web development may be a perfect fit for me. Having taken a couple programming classes at Berkeley I have found that I genuinely enjoy coding, but I also prefer working on tangible things and seeing the results of my work at the end. Simply attempting to speed up an algorithm is not as exciting to me without being able to see how this fits into the bigger picture of a project.  Even if I don’t end up pursuing a degree in this field, I still think the ability to manage online content is extremely valuable. I am currently an intern in the marketing team for my church, specifically working on the website design, and I also would like to learn skills in this class to better serve the church and other organizations that I will be a part of in the future. 	No previous experience! 
I'm an international student from Korea staying here only for this semester. I'm super excited right now applying for a class I always wanted to take. I like to learn and try something new so I'm trying to do as many things as I can including web design class during the time.	I have always considered programming skills including designing websites essential skills in real life, but I was unable to try because my major is somewhat far from dealing with computer and too afraid that it might go over my head. Looking through the course catalog, it occurred that in a friendly environment like this I could give it a try this time . 	Zero experience in programming as far as I remember. but I did learn how to use Microsoft Word or Excel.
I am currently working on a renewable energy system to convert ocean waves into power in my graduate program. The work is very challenging but also rewarding with the joyful moments of watching waves forming, propagating and breaking into tiny white foams. On another side, I learn computer and data science to diversify my skills for the future career, and this class is intended to be a part of it. I am a direct and open-minded guy who is open to different lifestyles without judgement. I enjoy exploring new things in my free time. These could be a well-reviewed book, an unfamiliar place, a new movie or a recently open restaurant, etc. whatever I have never done before. I like coding, math, gym, tennis, swimming, investment, plants, dogs, chatting with friends, meeting new peoples, surfing the web, etc. I love Japanese food and culture, my favorite dishes are self-made sashimi and Sushi House's sushi. I value honesty, transparency, freedom, democracy and diversity. Compassion within everyone is the sexiest thing to me. I committed a part of my life to charity and philanthropy.	I was always dreaming of making an attractive, elegant and beautiful website for my own but I do not know where I should start from. Since I do not usually use something that I do not understand what happens behind it, web templates are not of my choice though some of them look very fancy. I decided to build my own website from scratch. That would be a good practice for my web programming skills, and this is also to showcase my skills to potential recruiters. With that in mind, I was looking for the relevant classes. I took some classes of database and back-end programming. Unfortunately, there are almost no class offered about front end programming in the campus, and this is a rare one. This class will help me fill the missing part of my full-stack background.	No
I am a film major and art practice minor. I enjoy a variety of different creative activities ranging from art to music to writing and am always looking for ways to further my artistic skills. 	I really enjoy expanding my creative horizons and learning new skills and I believe this class will give me that opportunity. Web design is a very useful skill at the moment and as an artist this is something I could flourish at, also given my past experience. 	I did a brief internship with a UI/UX company and worked on a lot of websites for them on the design team that primarily did sketches that were handed over to the developers to create. 
Hi! I'm Francesca and this is my last semester at Berkeley! Yay for finally making if through 4 rough years. I love to check out cute cafes, play sports, and try new editing techniques on FCPx in my free time. Memes are a soft spot for me and I religiously look at them before I sleep every night. Honestly, I'm excited to be graduating soon and jumping into the real world. Woo! 	I really enjoyed the days of tumblr and editing html code to make a pretty homepage design for myself. That interest has never left me and I continue to wonder how I can make these really aesthetic websites by my own hands. I would love to learn more about Javascript and CSS website building by the end of the DeCal! 	Not much!
I am currently a freshman intending to major in computer science.  I come from a relatively small California city named Moreno Valley, which is about 20 minutes south east of the city of Riverside.  When I’m not busy studying or coding, I’m usually either weightlifting, skateboarding, watching anime, or spending countless hours surfing Youtube.  My interests within the realm of computer science are mainly machine learning and web development.  I consider myself a beginner in both subjects and spend time teaching myself the rudiments of both machine learning and web development in my off time.  I am comfortable with Python and Swift and have familiarity with Java, HTML, CSS, and Javascript.  I am a laid back, social person who gets along with just about everyone and enjoy discussing with other people about technology or various topics in computer science.	I want to take this class because I desire to learn the skills and design philosophies necessary for building dynamic and beautiful websites that people enjoy being on.  It’s not enough to simply know the syntactic rules of HTML, CSS, and Javascript and how websites are structured internally.  That doesn’t optimize the user’s experience on your website.  What accomplishes that is utilizing these languages to implement good design patterns and thus creating a truly enjoyable experience for anyone visiting your website.  I believe by taking this class, I will learn how accomplish exactly that as well as expand my knowledge of both design philosophies and front-end development tremendously.  Just scrolling through the Decal’s website and the personal websites of the DeCal’s instructors provide me with enough visual evidence that this is a course I should take if I am interested in building websites.  That is why I want to take this class. 	Yes, I have some previous web design experience in the sense of coding up a website in HTML, CSS, and Javascript.  I do not, however, have much or any web design experience in the sense of creating an aesthetically pleasing, well-designed website.  I hope to gain more experience in the latter category by taking this course.
Hi there, I am a junior student majoring in Econ and plan to major in CS as well. I love doing cool things when I am not busy. For example, I have been learning hacking skills and hope to hack my mother's cell phone and computer. I consider myself a combination of letters and science student, which means I love learning Econ-related things as wells CS-related things. There is one interesting thing about me: I want to take at least one courses in every top universities so that I can experience different teaching and learning patterns. With this being said, I am a curious person and love trying different things. 	The main reason is that I am so interested in learning how to design a webpage in order to design my personal web bio. Additionally, CS(web design) skills are really important for a better job, and I love learning new programming languages (CSS, JS, HTML). Well, the most important reason is this web decal course is so great; the TA's and instructors are all geniuses and I want to learn from them.	No.
I'm Divyansh Saksena, a freshman from Hyderabad, India. I entered freshman year with the plan of double-majoring in Econ and Pol Sci with a focus on international relations, however, after immersing myself into the start-up scene at Cal, I quickly realised that tech and computing fascinated me a lot more. So, I decided to switch to Data Sci and econ. These two fields also allow me to explore their intersection with policy and further me in my professional goals.  Academics aside, I've played basketball at the national level in India; have a passion for design and ball-point pen art, and am incredibly intrigued by the intersection of science and religion.	I'd like to take this class to continue exploring the field of computing. Considering I've only just begun, I would like to gain experience in a multitude of languages and explore my interest for design. 	I've dabbled in Adobe photoshop and XD
I've always had a lot of interests; among those have been learning how the world works through science and mathematics, learning programming languages, discussing existential theories, drawing and sketching, studying color theory, and enjoying fine animation. By the time I started college, I knew that I wanted to continue my education in the sciences, but that I also wanted to do more creative work. I knew the computer science field was the path for me once I saw that it not only suits my interest and skills in STEM, but also has many creative applications in programming, engineering, development and design. As time passed, I only wanted more and more to find ways to combine my lifelong interests in art and technology. I would find inspiration in anything that I found uplifting and beautiful, as well as technologies that could open up new possibilities. I believe in spreading kindness and giving back, as well as protecting our rights, values, and the environment around us, so I hope to build a career in the future that allows me to contribute works and services of my own that can both lift others' spirits and improve quality of life for communities worldwide. I’m driven, detail oriented, passionate, and punctual with every project I work on, and I'm always sure to put full focus, care, and heart into every part. I feel most fulfilled when I’m doing something productive, positive, and creative.	I've always felt that web design is the perfect venue for me to integrate both my creative and programming skills. Taking this course would be a great opportunity to not only expand my knowledge, but also meet and collaborate with others who share the same interests. I love looking deeply into the inner workings of the web services I use every day, as well as into what makes for engaging, appealing, and user-friendly interfaces in websites and software alike. I thus look forward to learning more about the design techniques and principles involved, as well as gaining practice and deeper knowledge with web development tools and the HTML/CSS/Javascript languages. I'm always looking for ways to improve my work and make it stand out, and I'm positive the course content and hands-on experience will equip me well with the needed knowledge and skills to put out high quality work in the future. I've actually been planning to take this decal since my freshman year, but I wasn't able to apply until now because I was taking very heavy course loads and had classes that conflicted with this decal's lecture times. I’m also planning to graduate a semester early (Fall 2019) since I'll be finishing all my requirements then, so I only have two semesters left to take this course, and I hope to take it as soon as I can.	I have very little past experience with web design and web programming. I learned basic HTML at one time along with some other languages, and read a guidebook on web design that I bought a while back, but I'm excited to learn web programming and foundational design principles more thoroughly, and with more hands-on experience.
Hello! My name is Rodney, a Senior at Cal studying Cognitive Science. I love being physically active, whether that's playing basketball, football, or just taking scenic hikes. I also love listening to RnB, TrapJazz/TrapSoul, and HipHop. I also like to paaaaarty given that there are good vibes. 	Ever since my exposure to basic web development in high school, I've been interested in pursuing a career in webdev but never really knew how to start or had the self-motivation to start any personal projects. I came in as a CompSci major but had a really tough time through 61b so that made me think that I may not be cut out for this sort of career. However, recently I realized that there are other ways of approaching this career path; that I can attain the skills and knowledge of webdev in ways other than being a CompSci major. I've recently invested in an online webdev course but can't seem to get myself to keep going through impersonal videos and lectures. With that, I believe that this opportunity to immerse myself in an in-person class instructed by and filled with innovative and dedicated peers would be the perfect way to kick-start my possible career. 	yeah, a little.  I've made a very basic multi-paged personal website before. 
I'm a senior on my last semester at cal.  I'm an EECS major, and, although I'm primarily interested in EECS stuff, I've taken a fair share of my time here to explore other areas of interest for fun, such as upper div math and music.  Over the time of my college career, I've realized that I'm also interested in the arts, something I never would have expected before college.  Making music, reading classic literature, and now, could it be, designing websites?	This is my last semester, and I already applied before, so I would be kind of disappointed if I don't get in this time.  I'm interested in learning this material because I want to create a web interface on personal projects.  Web interfaces are nice in that they aren't tied to operating systems (at least I think so), meaning they are platform-independent.  Taking this class will really help me out on seeing how I can design a nice interface, or at least what is available for further exploration.	I did some codeacademy for html and css during high school, but I forgot most of it that it shouldn't count.
I'm a Junior Computer Science major from San Diego. I try to see a movie in theaters every weekend, and listen to music almost constantly. I also go to every cal home basketball game for some reason that I don't even know.	I'm a computer science major and it is my passion, so I think being able to design a website would be a good skill to add to my resume. Also I have a couple pet projects I have always wanted to try out and I'd need to know how to build a website in order to finish them.	No
Hi! I'm a third year Music/Data Science Double Major interested in Web Design. I initially came to Cal as a pure music student, but after getting involved in some CS classes I found that I could combine both music and computer science to create sound art and interactive installations to truly express myself. I've started incorporating visual elements into my music and the topic of design became a big part of my compositional process. 	I was tasked with the initial responsibility to set up a website for the UC Berkeley Undergraduate Composer's Club and gradually I've become really interested in design. I want to keep exploring the world of design and naturally web development became a topic I wanted to study closer. While I've tried dabbling on my own, I think I would benefit from learning within a community and this Decal seemed like a great fit! I hope to continue exploring Design and perhaps become a designer. 	I've set up rudimentary websites for myself and other organizations I have been a part of using mostly wordpress/weebly although I've dabbled a little bit in using html/css. I have taken the CS61A/B and therefore have some coding experiences. 
I am an exchange student from University of Glasgow, Scotland who is taking a lot of MCB classes this semester. However, even though I have zero coding experience, I believe knowing the basics of it can be very practical. I am very glad that my home institution is allowing me to enroll in DeCal classes, therefore taking this one would be a brand new experience I'd like to have!	 I am very interested in how modern websites are built and transformed from complex codes to aesthetic diagrams and texts. I only took one IT class back in high school and found it pretty fascinating.	Nope! However, I always create visuals on Adobe Premiere Elements software and am decent in using Adobe Photoshop!
My name is Clara Lee and I am a third year (finally) majoring in CS. The journey to declare has proven to be difficult, as I actively work to overcome obstacles that stand in my way. First, an unlucky experience with an independent lab partner in 61BL broke my confidence as an up and coming coder, as he claimed that I was just not good enough to be his partner before requesting a partner change. Despite feeling the sense of imposter syndrome, my new lab partners pushed me along and helped to build my confidence once again. They inspired me to seek out a community of like-minded engineers by joining Theta Tau. There, I am encouraged to grow by those who are professionally and academically successful, which pushed me to teach myself HTML and CSS over a winter break to learn more about frontend software engineering, a field I am interested in. This past summer, I gained more experience and knowledge as a full stack software engineering intern at Viasat, building a new web application and database management system using Node, Vue, and PostgreSQL, all skills that I had no prior knowledge of. Although this internship taught me a lot about creating a functional web application, I still have not had much experience in designing a more beautiful application, and hope that this DeCal can change this.  Aside from computer science, I enjoy rock climbing outdoors as well as practicing speaking German.  	I believe that my growth as a computer science student has been a bit imbalanced, with too little emphasis on the design factor of engineering, especially considering how consumer-facing all software products are. I want to be able to have a fuller understanding of how everything works together; I currently have too many gaps in my mind of how design links together with interfaces and the backend. I wish to also take this class as better preparation for what might come for my summer internship, which has yet to specify my project. I think that as a future software engineer, I still have too little clue of what kinds of roles are out there. I feel hesitant to apply for frontend based roles just because I fear what might happen when employers realize that my education has been mostly backend and theory based. Because of this, I truly believe that being in a classroom setting, learning about and working on projects for web development is the most beneficial way to get myself comfortable with something I might end up loving. Finally, I would love to use this class as an opportunity for myself to finally finish up my personal website, which is currently in shambles after I impulsively tried to break it down and build it back up using Vue. 	Only a little bit, as far as the actual design implementation goes. 
I'm a transfer student going into my 2nd semester at Berkeley. I'm from San Jose and really love the bay (including Berkeley) as a whole.  I generally enjoy putting a lot of thought into food and coffee, whether it be choosing a place to eat or brewing with freshly ground coffee beans. During longer breaks, I enjoy solo traveling the world (in fact, I am currently writing this in Bangkok!).   But I've always been nerdy at heart, and I still spend a lot of time messing around on my computer. I try and get out here when I can and really enjoy spending time with friends. I went to San Holo in December and it was one of my favorite experiences to date, so you can definitely catch me at future raves! 	One of my old roommates had a web development job and would always talk to me about his work. I knew he was really passionate about it but I never really understood what he was talking about. I figure this decal might be my best bet at finally understanding some of it!  My only real programming experience came in the form of CS 88 this past semester and I really want to explore related avenues to see if I find them interesting (web development, mobile dev, etc.). I selected a pretty light course load for the spring and need to take a decal to hit the unit limit and this course caught my eye immediately (especially the website!). I know its not going to be an easy class, but I really am interested in web development and hope that I'll have a great experience.	I don't have any prior experience, but would love to spend time diving into it to see if I like it!
Hi! I’m from Warren, New Jersey and hoping to major in computer science and business. In high school I was involved in a diverse selection of student organizations from school council, to the Business and Entrepreneurship Program, even to the Spikeball Club. As president of class council my role was to plan and raise funds for the Junior/Senior prom. This responsibility came with great pressure, but it allowed me to grow into a focused, goal oriented leader. Working on council helped me grow as a collaborator, which I have been able to apply working on teams as a programmer. As a senior, I worked alongside my computer science teacher and a few classmates to design an iOS app that would allow students to sign out of study hall from their mobile devices. This required constant communication between all members of the project, ensuring everyone was on the same page. I hope to take these experiences from high school and apply them to opportunities in college. So far I have already participated in CalHacks 5.0 and worked within a group to create a project, I am hoping I will get the opportunity to collaborate with other students in the Web Design Decal.	I have loved creating things my whole life, from be putting together Lego cities as a toddler to working on an iOS app for my high school in my CS class. But, these creations have always been guided either by an instruction manual or help from a teacher. My goal as an aspiring computer scientist and creator is to be able to come up with my own idea and nurture it to fruition. I have always wanted to create my own website. Something that I could make public to the world to see, whether it be my friends back in New Jersey or my family in India. So far to get closer to this goal have been to teach myself a basic understanding of HTML and some JavaScript using online resources. I am hoping that I will be given the opportunity to join this decal so that I can learn the foundations of web design so that I can go off by myself and create on my own. I also aspire to work with local small businesses in my hometown and here in Berkeley that don’t have websites, and provide them the service of designing a website for them. If given the opportunity to join this decal, I will use the knowledge I gain to fuel personal projects. I know that this decal is the last bit of guidance that I need before I can begin creating on my own. 	Not really, I have taught myself a little bit of HTML and JavaScript
I am a senior EECS student with a strong interest in the intersectionality between programming and digital musical instrument design. My passions include playing guitar and piano, composing music in Ableton Live, reading about video game lore (Bloodborne, Dark Souls in particular), going to the gym, playing card games, sculpting sine waves in Max/MSP, reading the Linux Kernel Mailing List, and trying out new hot sauces (from the HEAT Hot Sauce shop based in Berkeley!).	The majority of my work as a software engineer has been focused on backend work (both from my academic work and my two summer internships). As a result, I have zero experience with frontend development and would love to get an introduction into it to develop a more well-rounded skillset, particularly before setting out into the industry. 	Nope! That's why I am excited to learn. However I have had plenty of experience in general programming / backend software engineering. 
Before I came to school, I worked as a user experience designer and an interface developer. I like creating user-centered experiences, focusing on effortless usability, intuitive navigation and lucid communication.  I always try working across a variety of media, and like combining design and code. I also like hiking into hilly terrain, drawing comics about archaic medical practices and writing tumultuous space operas.	I started making my portfolio website to apply for internships and realized I needed to know more HTML/CSS/JS than looking up how-tos on stackexchange if I wanted to make the kind of website I'd be proud of. I also started a challenge to make a pure CSS image every day, and would like to be able to code intricate, engaging animations for the prompts.	I have very little, very basic web design experience with HTML and CSS only.
Personally, I am very passionate about design, and I have been involved in the design community at Berkeley since my freshman year. I love design because I enjoy transforming ideas into wonderful experiences and products with the power of both arts and logics. I also love visualizing the fantasies in my head into vivid graphics — illustrations, drawings, and watercolor paintings. In my spare time, I love exploring different food places 🍔 and coffee shops ☕️, doodling on my sketchpad 🖌, baking 🍞, exercising 🏃, and watching youtube videos 👀	I am really interested in applying the coding skills that I learned from CS classes into creating something more tangible and enjoyable for myself and other people. I also would love to continue implementing various graphic and interaction design skills in the process of web design. I hope that by taking this class, I am able to find this balance between coding and design and turn the skills into life-long assets :) 	
I love anything aesthetic, likes architecture and graphic design. I like learning design on my own, have no prior professional design experience.	I love design and after working as a Communications Assistant, I realized that I am interested in learning more about Website Design, since that is a huge part of communications. I wanna learn anything cool and fun, and I would love to work on a website design project.	nope
I am an EECS junior transfer coming from Sacramento. This is my second semester at Berkeley and looking forward to experience my first Decal. I enjoy looking at older artworks and watching Netflix. I look forward to learning web development through this course and using it to showcase past projects on my very own website.	I want to take this class for the very same reason I build circuits to apply my electrical engineering knowledge. I want to gain the skills to build graphical objects through a website and manipulate it to apply my software engineering skills. More importantly I want to be able to build beautiful websites similar to www.wdd.io (really what sold me on this decal).	I have not had any experience in web design.
Hello! I'm a second year comp-sci major Bay Area native. I'm into music production and cooking. Experimental hip hop is great. Korean BBQ is great too. 	I want to make a snazzy website. Emphasis on the snazzy part.	Not really. One hackathon project involving basic frontend/backend.
I’m Won and I’m a second year who recently declared the Computer Science major. A fun fact about me is that I have an older sister that is also called Won. My background is a bit unique in that I am an ethnic Korean but was raised in Sweden and have a Swedish passport which makes me a Korean Swede I guess. A funny story in Sweden was in 3rd grade when I was playing Piggie in the Middle and I told a fellow child he would play as the piggie and he misunderstood and started crying. Then a few years later I found out that he was a member of the Swedish royal family. In terms of my journey of becoming a Computer Science major, I knew I enjoyed math and logic and how it can be applied to make impacts in societal situations. I realized this through my Chemistry classes so I naturally thought Chemical Engineering was what I wanted to do but after working in a Chemical Engineering research lab I realized it was not very society based and I realized Computer Science has a huge list of societal applications with math and logic through programming.	I want to take this class because Web Design is an empowering ability that will allow me to use my joy in programming to make a product that have the potential to reach out to several sectors in society. One of the reasons why Computer Science appealed to me a lot was that it enabled me to contribute to organizations I was in. For instance, when my Corporate Committee for the American Institute of Chemical Engineers was hosting a networking dinner we would make seating arrangements based on a list of students’ preferences for which companies they wanted to network with. We did the seating arrangement by hand but then people cancelled last minute and we had to remake the arrangements by hand which was when I programmed an automated seating arrangement program with Java to be able to handle last minute cancellations by automating the seating arrangement process to make new arrangements in a matter of seconds. I felt very empowered to be able to make impact to my team and I really want to keep contributing to my organizations through programming websites. The clubs that I’m a part of that I want to improve our websites are Chec Consulting and Tau Beta Pi, and the decal will help me achieve those goals. https://tbp.berkeley.edu/ https://chec.berkeley.edu/	Back in elementary school I remember doing a web design after school activity but it was all drag and drop and no coding.
I have lived in five different cities in three countries. I am an open minded person that is very passionate and like new things.	I am a founder of an online clothing company and would love to know how to design websites.	Yes
My name is Halee and I am a developmental genetics major. You may have seen me last semester riding my bike up the hill to Pimentel and Latimer. I have a backpack that people say makes me look like a turtle, and I usually am sporting a comfy sweatshirt and running shoes. In addition to taking too many science classes at Cal, I love to go to the gym for yoga and HIIT classes and to grab good asian food and boba after a long day of studying. I also enjoy skiing, swimming, and playing with my dog. One of my goals this year is to become more tech savvy. The first thing I am going to do towards reaching this goal is taking a python bootcamp course for biology majors in mid-January. I hope to also become involved in this decal so that I can learn useful skills for web design! 	The last time that I have used Photoshop or Illustrator was in my junior year of high school when I took AP Photo. I remember it being one of my most enjoyable classes in high school. I loved the creative aspect of the class, and I am looking forward to taking a decal where I can put my creative juices to work! As a science major, I haven't been able to indulge in too many creative classes at UCB. I think that learning about web design is super helpful for people across all disciplines, and I am excited to learn as much as I can in this decal. 	I have had no web design experience, but I have always wanted to learn!
My name is Shelley, I’m a maybe Haas or econ or media studies major, grew up in New Jersey, but moved to Switzerland upon entering high school, where I developed my love for travelling and new experiences- why I chose to go to Cal! I love all things fashion, beauty, and lifestyle- home decor, fitness, etc. I could talk about clothes, makeup, even table centerpieces forever- my excitement for these things is probably unnatural. My free time basically consists of watching beauty guru youtube videos, reading fashion/lifestyle blogs and magazines, taking photos, listening to podcasts about stuff I’ll probably never really need to know, and a lot of online shopping. In terms of career, I know I want to work in fashion business, and probably do marketing, pubic relations, and eventually run my own business. Ideally, I’ll be my own boss, because autonomy is important to me and I don’t like having creative constraints. I’m particularly driven by fashion’s ability to construct culture and identity, and the role of digital media and new technologies in changing fashion’s socio-cultural role and impact. It’s important to me that this media and technology is used positively to make fashion an uplifting and empowering creative force. I just want people to feel good, which is why I’ve recently started a fashion/lifestyle blog (to be launched soon) where I hope to promote these values through sharing my fashion/beauty knowledge. 	Beyond being passionate about the power of fashion, I’ve started my blog because I love writing, taking + editing photos, and just creating in general. I also get so many questions from friends about where I get my clothes from, my favorite makeup, etc. I get so excited when I get these questions, because I always have so much to say and I feel like I really know what I’m talking about and thus, I felt like starting a blog where I could share this information would be perfect. Since I don’t know anything about coding/web design, I’m currently using Squarespace to get my blog started, and I already feel very limited in regards to the aesthetic/organization of it. I really want my blog to be eye-catching/memorable, and I have all these ideas regarding how the titles look, images, etc and I want to be able to make those ideas real. Beyond my personal projects, web design and even just knowing how it works would be a valuable skill to know going in to marketing and public relations, as it would inform my knowledge about editorial/marketing spaces like websites. 	Unless using squarespace and wix counts, then I have no experience at all. 
Industrial Engineer with experience gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, developing and communicating recommendations to improve operations, processes, financial performance and overall business dynamics for a wide variety of clients across different industries.	I need to make simple websites to communicate and visualize information. 	No
Before I came to UC Berkeley as a transfer student, I had not written a single line of code nor taken any Computer Science-related courses. Now, a year and a half later, I've finally declared Computer Science as my major and am well on my way towards graduation. However, for all the code I’ve written over the past months, I have little beyond the miscellaneous class projects to speak of when it comes to what I’ve actually done related to computer science. And the little that I have done outside of class has been as much a product of code from the internet as it is from myself. 	Last summer, I started volunteering for an organization that needed some software and web developers for a new team. In the following months, the team developed a web page for a very specific purpose; to display an article alongside a score and highlights to show how credible that particular article is. I was responsible for implementing the score and highlights, mostly utilizing a Javascript library and other people's code for my part of the project. This led to me having a very slanted knowledge of web design, as I only had to know enough HTML and CSS to integrate my work with the rest of the team.   While this was sufficient then, the rest of the team has moved on and my incomplete understanding of HTML and CSS has only become more apparent as I try to maintain and update the webpage and, at times, the other parts of the website. I want to relearn web design from the ground up, particularly the fundamentals of HTML and CSS, so that I can actively contribute instead of always playing catch up.  	Yes, but fairly minimal. I self-taught myself some HTML, CSS, and Javascript over the Summer for the organization I'm volunteering for and created a single webpage in collaboration with another person. 
While I love computer science with all my heart, I enjoy making digital and traditional art pieces, reading about how to animate in 2D, and consuming large amounts of almonds in lectures, from time to time. As a freshman, my primary goal as a Cal student is to academically explore the large world of tech and find my place within the many branches of software. So far, I took CS61A and got a B+. I have an 8+ year background experience in art for all media. Therefore, I am interested in exploring the more aesthetically pleasing and artistic platform in tech: web development. I don't know very much about what goes into web development on a tech industry level, but I'm very interested in learning!	Without proper guidance, I find web development intimidating as there are many components to making a website. I have always tried to make a proper website as a personal side project, but I never understood it well enough to appreciate front-end developing without the help of experienced people to guide me. I would love to learn about the processes and "science" of user interface and web development in this decal. With this course, I may finally understand the weird bugs I used to get on my first couple of basic websites I made back in high school. Also, this decal will be my first course to dive deep into a topic branch of software. I picked this course specifically because not only does web development allow me to integrate artistic aspects (my passion!) into it, but also it is one of the few decals that are freshman friendly! I have yet to find a CS extracurricular in my time in Cal as many organizations and groups are intimidating to me (I see myself as an average coder as of now, you see.), so I see this decal as a great opportunity to finally be a part of the CS community. 	I have a small experience playing around with HTML, CSS, JavaScript via Code Academy and Girls Who Code Summer Immersion Program. However, I had trouble understanding or building certain aspects of web design with very shallow instructions. Taking this course would help me tremendously as it is under an academic setting where people are close to discuss and work together in tackling problems. 
I am Zihan, an international student from Nanjing, China. I would say that I'm a pretty extroverted person who firmly believes that communication solves most of the problems. I love listening to music, and I'm open to all genres of music. You can find both classical music and rap in my song list. I'm not a sports person but I'm taking a low-int tennis course to make sure that at least I'll work out a little bit this semester. I'm a huge foodie. When I hang out with my friends, we always go food hunting and check out those newly opened restaurants. I enjoy playing the piano. Sadly, I did not realize how much I love the piano until I quitted. During the winter break, I tried to pick up and practiced almost every day. The hard work pays off and I can finally play the piano version of City of Stars, not that fluently though. I'm a really simple person and that should be it hahaha	Web Design is cool and your web looks amazing. I've always been thinking about learning web design for years but I am such a procrastinator that I have not started to take real action. A well-designed website brings everything to the next level. Even a course that has a better web design seems more attractive to me. When I applied to colleges in senior year, my first impressions of schools came from their official websites. When I check out clubs, I definitely prefer those with simple but elegant websites. Even though the design of the websites should not be the top one thing to consider when we make decisions, but it may unconsciously affect your choice. So web design really matters!!! A lot!!! Just as you said on your website, the in-person classes with passionate iinstructors definitely have many advantages over the online courses. I believe that with all the challenging assignments, I would be more motivated to learn and apply what I learned from this course in the future. Also, web design relies on creativity, which makes everything more fun! Love the course design, love the web design, thank you for reading. 	ughhhhh no:(
   I am currently a junior computer science student. I chose to do CS because I believe in the power of technology to change the world for better, also because I think Iron Man's AI assistant Jarvis is super cool.  During my years here at Berkeley, after countless of tearful days and sleepless nights, I believe that I have a solid software background, and a bit of knowledge in many aspects. And my Achilles' heel in my CS knowledge pool is, with no doubt, web development.      I know almost nothing about it. I always wonder why Berkeley doesn't have a class where I can learn the materials since they are SO SO SO important. Luckily, we have the web development decal. And I will try my best to keep applying and cross my fingers to pray that I can get in before I graduate.       I love to make friends. And I really prefer a small-size class like a decal as opposed to a 20000-people CS class. I believe that people really get the chance to form closer bonds in a small class environment. (I take a Decal almost every semester to remind myself that there are still small classes here at Berkeley) I really look forward to making new friends in WDD.       I am a debater, a magician, and a little bit nerdish(Just a little bit). I love superheroes. I read a ton of popular novels. And I really want to get in this class. ^_^	    I have always wanted to learn modern web development technologies like CSS3 or HTML5. I believe that they are extremely essential for my future endeavors in industry. During holidays, I read some relevant books and watched a few online tutorials. But I still feel a loss at where to start. And as time comes close to graduation, I think it's paramount for me to master web development as soon as possible.        I took CS168 last semester, hoping to gain some web development skills, but only learnt the basic Internet architecture and protocols. I think the best way for me to master web development is to systematically learn it in a course. And I really prefer an interactive class as opposed to an online course.      I have heard from others that this decal is extremely engaging and useful. I was told that it has interesting projects. I always find that projects help me learn the most in a CS class. And with instructors to answer my confusion about web development knowledge,  I am confident that I can learn a lot from this decal. And I very much look forward to it.	       I don't have any.
I am a sophomore student intending to major in computer science and data science. I am from Alameda, CA. I can program in Python, Java, SQL, R. Recently, I was an IoT Developer Intern at Varaintz, a startup company aiming to build a converged application platform for smart-connected IoT. During my time at Varaintz, I led the design and development of a commercial smart mirror project and carried out quality assurance, quality control, and testing on company application functions and capabilities. I am also a member of ANova, an organization that is dedicated to improving computer science education in under-resourced communities. My hobbies are basketball, badminton, traveling, and chess. 	I want to take this class to learn web development. Technology is almost everywhere and I believe it is important to learn web development because it is a skill in high demand. I think this course would be a great place for me to start learning web development. 	
I am a computer science intended junior transfer with a strong interest in creating art and video games. I don't come from a design or art background but I do have basic programming experience from CS61A. One of the biggest reasons I want to take this class is so I can create a profile website for myself to have an outlet for any interesting things I find and want to share with others!	A lot of the projects I want to make are largely web-based or require some kind of user experience; having an intuitive and appealing front end is incredibly important to me and I want to understand the basics of both front end programming and design!	I took an HTML web class in high school and refreshed on it while self studying CSS.
I am a third year Applied Math major at UC Berkeley. Outside of academics, I enjoy being outdoors whether it be going on runs, playing soccer, or hanging out at the beach. 	I am interested in web development and how companies are able to draw users in with just their web sites. I think it is a useful skill to have, and given that I have little experience in this field, I would like to learn to do it myself.	The only web design experience I have had is when I applied to Blockchain. My project was to design a Blockchain education website for people who do not know anything about blockchain. 
I'm a first-year CS student who's interested in video editing, coding, films, and food. In my personal life, I love to think about complicated ideas like human relationships, existential pain, and gender interaction etc, drawing inspiration from works of art, either literary or visual. Part of my life depends on the excessive imagination and creativity I put in the mundane tasks here and there. I really look forward to joining this class and letting the creativity flow through my body.	 I've always been passionate about science and art. Though I don't really specialize in either, I would love to explore the intersection of both. In the past, I used to resolve the balance by making videos and doing graphics design. As I got to know about building websites, I see it as a perfect exemplification of art and science. By taking this class, I hope to learn about the skills and aesthetics in creating good websites, unfolding the fascinated beauty of art and science. Meanwhile, websites are effective tools in conveying information. I can't wait to discover more of websites' potential in communicating ideas by gradually developing some strategic thinking skills throughout this course.	Yep. I've designed a website with the help of my friends. We used bootstrap instead of css to make it look decent.
Hi! I really like bread and always say my new year's resolution is to stop eating carbs but it doesn't work out (three years going strong). But really, hi! I'm a graduating senior and want to find more ways to be creative since I'm starting to feel a quarter life crisis. 	I'd love to take this class to learn how to make a website! I always think of things that I want to do but know I don't really have the bandwidth to do so. Seeing this decal is offered gives me hope! I hope that by taking this class I can actually create the cool things I used to only imagine, haha, and maybe find a new hobby while at it. 	no!
I am a junior majoring in Math and CS. I have mainly been interested in machine learning and CS theory. I enjoy doing research in these fields and enjoy learning new things.	To enhance my web design skills in order to create an elegant portfolio to showcase research and projects that I've worked on as well as a section where I can upload notes I have in various topics.	I have self taught myself CSS, HTML, and Javascript for a very rudimentary website.
My name is Kye. I am a concurrent enrollment student from Singapore. I major in Electrical & Electronic Engineering back in my college. Outside of school, my interests are in fitness and wellness, performing arts, visual arts and anything related to the beach (I just came back from vacation at Hawaii and it was awesome!).	Web design is specially useful and relevant in this age of technology, and I want to learn the skills required to build my own site, which will enable me to market my ideas or business in the future, as I have budding start up ideas that I may like to try out later.	I do not have web design experience.
To people who don’t know me, I’m just another student majoring in Computer Science at Berkeley, but to my friends, I’m always either singing, roasting them, or napping (or stressing out about coding projects). To some people, I have an alarming sleep schedule, but I'm adjusting eventually after the start of the semester. I love all kinds of games - card games, board games, video games, mind games... Other than games as my hobby, music and art have always been my outlets and the ways I can express myself and recharge, and I love performing and connecting with people through it. I’m a visual learner, and I love crafting things with my hands - I used to knit, do origami, and make wall decorations with colored paper and scissors. I also love technology and what it’s allowed us to enjoy, whether it’s binge watching YouTube videos or playing video games in a beautiful universe. That being said, I’m really just trying to find my way into a career that suits me the most, and I just really want to find a way to connect computer science with the things I’m most passionate about in order to make more meaning in the things that I do.	I've always been passionate about art and music. Even though I chose CS as my major, which doesn't focus on design and visual aspects of technology as much as the technicalities and algorithms behind making everything work, I'd really love to expand my interests in UI design, graphic design, and even animation, into skills that I can use and apply in the future. I’ve personally always been drawn to design and art. I also really enjoy playing video games and I always appreciate the graphics and visual effects as much as the storylines, which made me wish I could develop the skill to create and design my own work, and eventually evolve my own style in my designs. I’d love to take this class to have more room for creativity, to develop skills in frontend languages, and to come closer to becoming a full stack developer.	Nope, I've only ever learned backend languages :(
I'm a junior, 19, from Thousand Oaks, CA. I like to swing dance and play my ukulele. 	I'd like to share my hobbies online and extend my graphic design experience to web design. 	A little with web mapping.
Hi! My name is Yuan, and I’m a sophomore pursuing computer science and statistics. As an international student from New Zealand, I have been exposed to many different and unfamiliar environments. With exposure to many people with different cultures and backgrounds, I possess an international mindset that allows me to work productively in any team setting. I was also once a nationally ranked badminton player, but I now only play club badminton on the weekends. My favorite badminton player is definitely Lin Dan. Besides sports, I am also an avid reader, casual gamer and travel lover. I am currently reading the biography of Leonardo da Vinci, and was surprised to discover that many of his discoveries were through observation rather than experimentation. I am also Diamond in Rainbow Six Siege and have nearly 400 hours clocked on GTA V. Lastly, I love to travel. I loved the culture of South Korea, the natural wonders of Australia, and the water villages in Brunei. Overall, I am an open-minded individual who is looking forward to exploring Web Design.	As an individual who is constantly online, I am exposed to many different websites, some of which force me to pause and admire their beauty. I am an avid tech-enthusiast that follows the latest developments in mobile phones, laptops, GPUs, etc. As a result, I frequently visit websites such as apple.com. I am amazed by the fluidity of animations when I scroll through the overview of the latest iPad Pro, and the perfect integration of web elements throughout the entire site. Realizing the important role a website serves as it is the main medium of interaction between the company and consumers, I hope to learn more about web design in order to add this to my personal toolbox of skills and further develop myself as a software developer and engineer.  While I do not consider myself to be an artist, I did attend art school throughout my teenage years. I am familiar with modern aesthetics and I can distinguish between good and bad design. I hope that by taking this class, not only can I familiarize myself with a field that is not explored in our regular classes, but also express myself through a combination of art, HTML and CSS. I look forward to tackling a variety of web-design challenges this semester.	I have very little experience with web design; however, I am ready for a semester of learning.
I'm Krystal, currently a senior who recently made the switch from studying Applied Math to Data Science. I'm from New York City (the greatest city in the world!!) and as a NYC gal, I have developed a strong affection for pizza and any cheese related foods. As I consider myself a huge foodie and adventurous eater, my goal in life is being able to travel the world to eat and try delicious foods. On my bucket list is to travel around Southeast Asia to try all the cheap and tasty foods. Aside from that, there are also other things I enjoy doing such as cooking, working out, attending concerts, raising little succulents, mainly being a potato, and spending countless hours surfing YouTube. My favorite YouTubers currently are all of those related to JKFilms!! A random fact is that my favorite supermarket is Trader Joes. I love that they always provide free samples and coffee, quality merchandise and ingredients, the best frozen foods, and the nicest employees. I could literally go there everyday and spend an unhealthy amount of time in there and come out buying a bunch of stuff. 	I was originally studying at UC Irvine my first two years of undergrad where I was also studying math and then transferred to Berkeley. It was tough to study one subject for three years of my college career and suddenly decide to switch in my last year to finally realize that I didn't like math at all. Now feeling very late to the game, I feel like I still don't exactly know how to do a lot of things in regards to the tech field and as this is my last semester, I want to make the most of it before I leave.   The first exposure I had to web design was when I randomly decided to attend a free General Assembly workshop on an Intro to HTML and CSS last year. I didn't know exactly what I was getting myself into but decided to go anyways since I was studying math at the time and wanted to get more exposure in more technical aspects. Because it was only a short 1 hour introductory course and didn't want to pay for more courses at GA, my knowledge of these topics is very limited, even forgotten. Now, seeing as there is a decal that goes beyond what I saw in that intro class, I thought this is my only chance left at learning about web design and development for free and in a classroom setting. With the skills honed, I want to be able to create my own personal website. 	
I am political economy student interested in expanding my studies and skills outside of my major’s standard classes. If I had to describe myself in one sentence, I'd say I'm an unusually optimistic person who is passionate about finding new ideas, places, and people. I was born in San Francisco and since then have lived in Florida, Italy, and other parts of California. Learning about new cultures and getting to see different parts of the world are some of the most enjoyable and rewarding things to me. One of my favorite parts about my major is the international scope of it. Outside of classes and work, I enjoy spending time in the outdoors- hiking, swimming, doing yoga.	Although I am familiar with how to use computers on a basic level, I have almost no experience with the programs taught in this decal and would therefore benefit immensely from it. I am very eager to learn more, and I would say that my motivation to do so comes entirely from within. I think that gaining these technical skills and having an understanding of these programs would be extremely useful and applicable in my life. 	I took Data 8 and learned a little bit of Python!
My name is Celeste Gonzalez. I am a double major in Mathematics and Spanish & a minor in CalTeach: Mathematics and Science Education. I aspire to become a mathematics teacher in either middle school or high school. I will be graduating this Spring 2019 - very exciting!! 	As mentioned in the previous question, I will be graduating this Spring 2019 and will be pursuing a career in teaching mathematics in either a middle school or high school. I specifically want to work in a low-income and underrepresented population, this means that many of these students will not have access to many coding programs. However, with technology growing developing a website where my students can watch videos, check homework assignments, and communicate with peers/teacher would be great. Additionally, I hope to create a website to create awareness of the need for diversity in math education. I believe this course can enable me to create a website with these resources. 	I have no experience with web design, but I am willing to learn. 
I am a senior CS major. This is my 4th semester at Berkeley (I transferred from a CC). I am very interested in this decal because I am considering a career in web development upon graduation.  I applied for this decal the past three semesters with no luck. Hoping to get in the fourth time around!  	I want to be better at web design and create beautiful websites with enhanced user experience. I also want to learn ruby on rails (or any other backend) and graphic design as they are very important skills that will come in handy for me.	
I am currently a junior, and am majoring in Data Science and Linguistics. I come from the Bay Area, so I haven't strayed too far from home. I love to dance, and am currently involved in the Swing community here at Berkeley! I'm also a twin, and, interestingly enough, we both go to Cal. One of my resolutions for this year, which I hope to actually keep, is to try new things while I still have some time at Berkeley. I already pushed my boundaries a bit by joining swing, and I'd love to continue doing so by trying out a class that I'm not really familiar with. In my free time, I like drawing a bit as well, and I love letting my creativity show by doing funky nail designs or trying out different hair colors. I'm currently looking to find a way to express myself more online, so I feel like this would be a great place to start! I've also been in organizations like Society of Women Engineers, and recently joined the dance group Movement, and have done various research projects throughout my semesters. I really just want to make the most of college while I can, and this decal would definitely add a lot of value to my experience!	I want to take this class because I am interested in developing my artistic side more, while maintaining my passion for CS and technology. I've always been focused more on backend code and such, as is often emphasized in the classes here at Berkeley, but would like to step out of my comfort zone and try something new. This semester I really want to push myself and grow as much as I can, and I feel like this class would really help me achieve this goal in the technical field. Plus, these are skills I would be able to use forever, and help me develop a wider variety of talents. I feel like often in CS frontend/web design is not as emphasized, and I would really love to learn to appreciate it as well as do it, and thus get an even better understanding of something I've always wanted to try. Moreover, a good website is almost like a first impression, and can say a lot about a person. I want to be able to make a website that can really reflect who I am and show people what I want them to see. 	I've done a bit of web design when I was working on a project for a summer program a few years ago. We did pretty basic things, like switching between pages, adding a few buttons, and a couple images. However, I don't remember most of it, and would love to get better at Web Design. I remember enjoying it a lot, and would like to get back into it. 
I am a Consulting Associate working in Lafayette. I miss going to classes and always looking forward to expand my knowledge in things. I took Private Pilot course last semester and I would love to be a part of this class as well. The class will be including a veteran if you let me in.	My mother owns a small business and is in a dire need of a website. I'd love to be able to help her design and build one.	Not quite. In High School (Country: Nepal) we used a little HTML. 
My name is Jingwei Zhang, a senior EECS. I grew up in China and have studied abroad by himself since the age of 15 (Canada, Germany and now the U.S.) My long-term career goal is to pursue a field in the electronics industry of nanoscale science and technology, where I can be trained to specialize in researching and discovering the possibilities of nanoelectronics and nanomagnetics in our world, creating technology which will have a long-term positive impact on society. In my spare time, I loves going sightseeing and seeing live music shows.	One reason why I desire to take this Decal is to gain the most knowledge that I possibly can in the field of computer science. I want to learn from and work with other peers who share similar interests and build interactive websites! More than often, I am fascinated by how web designers have creatively displayed their products to the viewer, whether that product be some kind of marketing goods or simply their life stories. On a personal level, I would like to learn how to create a stunning website so I can continue to share my life stories with friends I made globally, as I have lived four countries and three different continents for the past seven years.	No. The closest experience I had with web design was through an online course (free trail). However, I was not able to continue the online course as soon as the first three free lessons were used.
During my time here in Berkeley, I have learned more about myself and about my interest. I discovered what I am truly passionate about. I realized that my interests revolve around computer science. Enlisting in CS61A in Spring 2017 helped me develop the ability to think analytically and learn the fundamental aspects of programming. Having absolutely no coding experience, CS61A was a tough class which I struggled to keep up. However, with the help of the faculty in office hours, my classmates and friends in discussion and lab, and my determination to succeed in the class, I improved my coding skills and did well in the course. This experience allowed me to explore my strengths and work on my weaknesses as a computer scientist. Most importantly, this experience taught me the value of a good work ethic. CS61A provided me with a valuable insight into computer science and inspired me to deepen my interest. I wish to keep exploring the different areas in computer science and web design is an area that interests me. In addition to my school interest, I am a huge fan of soccer. When I am not busy working on homework, I am most likely either watching or playing soccer with friends. We form intramural teams and compete here in Berkeley. Also, I enjoy watching movies and T.V. series that I might have missed out on. I enjoy exploring new places. During winter break, I traveled to Chicago and Rosarito, Mexico with friends.	I am looking forward to learning web programming since I have a strong interest for it. I believe that the web design decal is second to none when it comes to learning the fundamentals and philosophies of web design. Many students have recommended this class to me and mentioned to me how crucial the tools they learned from this course have been critical for their future careers. I have always been curious to know how people were able to design creative websites. For example, I have seen plain, boring websites transformed into amazing, creative ones. I wish to intertwine my creative ideas and my programming skills to design websites that are user friendly, inspiring, and easy to use. Due to time conflicts, I haven’t had the chance to take the course. Thus, in my free time, I have tried learning what I could, but I struggled to understand the concepts since there was no one to ask for help. I learn best in a classroom environment because then I can ask questions and collaborate with other students. Having been introduced to HTML and CSS from the online resources, this course offers an extensive course continuation from where I left off. This course will solidify my understanding of the concepts that I previously tried learning. I still have a lot to learn, but most importantly, I still need lots of practice since I have not been able to apply any of the tools I have learned to create an amazing website.	I do not have any web design experience. I tried learning a few things online, but found it difficult to understand it on my own. 
I'm a Chilean transfer student that enjoys coding and creating new things to people. I consider myself an outgoing, positive, and persistent student and human being. I enjoy new challenges and always open to meet new people through my adventures. 	I'm interested to take this class because I want to learn to how to build my own  professional profile using a website. I have always wanted to create beautiful and innovative websites and I think this class is for that. 	I've had experience coding but never with web design.
I love learning new things and exploring new fields. In fact, the loads of opportunities to do so has been my favorite part of college thus far. For example, due to scheduling issues last semester, I ended up in a Buddhism class. After the first lecture, I realized it was fascinating-- far more fascinating than that the History of Technology class I originally wanted to transfer into and was more comfortable in. I’d never taken a philosophy class before, let alone a religious one, and it was challenging because it pushed me to question what it means to exist and perceive the world in a way I never had before. I loved the way it made me think in a new way, and because of this I worked hard and succeeded in the class. Similarly, though I have little to no experience in website design, I believe because it is a genuine interest of mine, it’s something that I’ll work hard to succeed in. I’m also persistent. For example, in high school, I decided to take the hardest math class at our school. On the first test, I got the worst score that I’d ever gotten on anything in my life. However, through continued practicing, refusing to become discouraged, and seeking help when I needed it from my teachers and peers, I slowly improved my grade. I know I’ll work hard in a similar way in this class, as the most impactful learning is the kind that doesn’t come easily.   	I am fascinated by how images and fonts can be arranged to be aesthetically pelasing and convey meaning, and I believe website design is in today’s society a particularly useful means of doing so. In high school, I realized a passion for marketing and how arranging graphics in a particular way could be used to convey a powerful message to audiences. I loved the opportunity I received to design flyers and email marketing for a CPA firm to persuade small businesses of their value. One of my favorite things to do was to design beautiful powerpoint slides for the business pitches I did for DECA (a business club), by playing with fonts, images, and colors.  I had particular fun in my business class when we were given the assignment to design a website using Adobe Muse. However, I had no chances to learn HTML or CSS, so my experience was limited to design that didn’t require coding. At the same time, I realized how essential website design was to organizations. When the nonprofit I helped found to teach children about health issues needed our own website, none of our members could code it, and we were lost in how to easily spread knowledge about our nonprofit to get more schools interested since basic emails simply weren’t as interactive or accessible as websites. Every organization needs a website if they want to publicize themselves; therefore, I want to learn web design because of how useful it is and how widely applicable it is to any field.	I only have some experience in Java (I took AP Computer Science in HS) 
I am a discus/hammer thrower on the track team as well as an avid outdoorsman. 	I hope to learn web design to create a nice website to post blog entries and photos from my trips.	no experience 
Hi! My name is Rachel Woody and I am passionate about coding for social good and improving health through neurotechnology. When I'm not studying, writing articles for Neurotech@Berkeley, or researching the cognitive implications of virtual reality through Berkeley’s ULAB, I am an avid soccer player, bookworm, volunteer, poet, pianist, and baker. I also love to travel and learn about other cultures and languages. I dream of studying abroad in South America to brush up on my Spanish (fingers crossed!). Back at home in Wisconsin, my favorite activities include hiking, building elaborate snow forts, and going to the farmer’s market on weekends.   As a student, I love to learn from others by asking countless questions, and to share my own knowledge in equal measure. My proudest accomplishment to date has been establishing an outreach program to teach underrepresented girls in my hometown to build mobile applications about causes they care about. I am a self-motivated worker with high standards and unflagging perseverance, and will take full advantage of this course if given the opportunity.	I am a self-proclaimed developer for the nonprofit Mozayik Village, a grassroots effort to relocate 120 Haitian families who were displaced in a devastating earthquake in 2010.  In this day and age, small nonprofits like Mozayik are easily buried in a sea of campaigns launched by more strongly established organizations. I envision developing an eye-catching and interactive web application that makes donating to Mozayik more game-like and appealing.  I have already created a detailed scaffold for my project.  Now I seek design skills and an introduction to Javascript to make my ideas a reality. I also plan to build a personal website which would serve as a platform for my pursuit of a career in civic technology. If I learn to build my own website from scratch, I will have the freedom of expression I need to make a strong impression on potential employers or colleagues. Finally, I hope to be a part of Blueprint in the near future. Since Blueprint develops polished, user-friendly applications for nonprofits, your DeCal would help me make a greater contribution to their team. Generally speaking, I hope this course will help me become a more well-rounded and creative developer.	In high school, I took a course called Graphic Design and Web that sparked my interest in web design, but only gave me a surface level understanding of different tools and languages. In the Fall of 2018, I completed Berkeley's Ruby on Rails DeCal which focuses more on Rails and database structure than on design or the user experience.
I am a senior graduating this semester, majoring in Cognitive Science with a concentration in Computer Science. You can usually find me speed-walking across campus to the class I'm slightly late for. 	I have tried applying to this class before but I have not gotten in. I wanted to learn more about web dev before, but I am too scared to take the class for a letter grade, because I do not have a lot of coding experience and feel like I would not be able to keep up in that intimidating fast-paced environment. This class seems like a good option for me because I could take things at my own pace.	Not a lot, just some HTML, XML, and Markdown experience.
I am an applied math major, but in all honesty,  it is not what I am passionate about. A year and a half ago I got the opportunity to intern at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles. I spent weeks hearing about how a hospital works across its entire enterprise. The big take away from the months working in government relations and community outreach was that there is never enough help. Help for children. Help for the non-neurotypical. Help for people in general.  Since then I have volunteered every semester at different elementary and middle schools to mentor any underprivileged kids or simply tutor in the one academic subject I actually understood, math.   Then last summer, one of my close friends started making a lot of manic decisions (i.e. selling his bedframe, buying a dog, dropping out…). The turning point game for us when he started mentioning how he was going to use all this money to buy guns and scare people buy aiming them out the window. A week after that he was checked into a mental facility by his father. Over the course of the next two months I ended up being his family’s sole contact for what my friend had been doing at college. At the end of the day, he was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder and his family stopped talking to him.   Math is a useful skill, but it wasn’t in this case. I am passionate about helping people, so I would like to study more helpful skill.	My college experience has not been easy. During my first semester I joined a fraternity because it felt like that was expected of me to do. Greek life will always have a place in my heart, but it was painful my first two years. I was closeted up until recently and a large part of it was because I did not believe I was going to be accepted by my fraternity. The seniors my freshmen year were awful: constantly calling each other “fag”, confessing to each other that they were homophobic, and so much more. Hearing these hateful comments really put me back. I spent most of my days believing I should never come out and how I should “just pretend” instead of focusing on improving myself. So while everyone around me became the best in their fields, I felt like I was not moving forward at all.   The reason I want to take this class is because I feel as if I am falling behind everyone around me since I spent so long feeling uncomfortable with myself. Once I came out, I started finding ways to better spend my time. When I first heard about this DeCal, I became ecstatic about learning how to make a website. Back in elementary school, I tried to make a small website based off of a Club Penguin I started for individuals who felt like they didn’t fit in… This ability to finally do it right would be a good homage to my younger self.	I tried to make a website when I was 8 using Wordpress, but that was in 2006. However, I had a 14 year old make all the art for the website which was suspicious because I never met this person face to face.... As expected my father screamed at me when I gave this person our home phone number. From that, I got banned from the computer for a year. That was the last time I tried to make a website for obvious reasons.
I am a senior Data Science major. Outside of academics, I love to make music and be active (e.g. soccer, gym, going to explore nearby). This semester I want to challenge myself to spend my free time doing something constructive, like learning about web design, instead of wasting it on youtube like I usually do. 	I want to be able to understand front-end development by actually getting my hands dirty. Eventually, I would like to be able to create personal websites whether it be for my music, linking a resume, or creative projects. 	I have tried to learn javascript and html but never dedicated enough time to it to become proficient.
I only started coding in college so CS is still relatively new to me. I am still in the process of trying to find which field I am actually interested in. I hope as I take more classes and get more coding experience, I will get to know CS more as a subject.	First I think web design will be a really useful skill to have. Also it would be a good way to combine the concepts I learned in 61A and 61B to make something that is tangible. In addition, since I have no previous experience with web development, it would be a nice opportunity for me to get exposed to a large field of CS. 	None
I'm a student from the Bay Area who enjoys being able to produce tangible things with the magic of programming.	I want to take this class because I've been interested in creating websites for some time, but each time I've tried to start I end up getting lost in a bunch of different paths.	I've dabbled in CSS and HTML
Hey! Everyone calls me Shay and I am from the bay.  A San Francisco native who loves giving recommendations of cool spots to check out in the city and always down to try new things. I’m a very chill person who loves speakeasies, competitive Tetris, and American sitcoms. I like hiking, but I don’t do it enough to call it a hobby yet. Fun fact about me is that I get bloody noses near giraffes and I hold the 3rd highest score for Tetris Marathon mode in California. I’m expected to graduate this semester and am really looking to live it up my last semester. Hopefully even break out of my comfort zone and befriend people in my classes :o. 	I want a website of my own to showcase myself to employers. Simple as that, in this day and age is it a necessity to differentiate yourself from others and having your own custom website allows you to do so. I would also love to showcase and impress my family with my cool website skills as well. I would love to have the freedom to design and perfect a website to my own liking and really use it as a form of self-expression. I’ve always been envious of others who have this skill and I would love the opportunity to learn it myself. I know with full confidence that I would take this class with great enthusiasm and motivation to learn, the way taking a class should feel. 	The only kind of web design experience I have would be creating customized Myspace profiles…haha
Academically, I'm a bioengineer who is passionate about bringing medical innovations to the masses (i.e. translational medicine). I am involved on campus through Sigma Eta Pi (Entrepreneurship Fraternity).  I like camping, run, cooking (and eating), and conversations. 	I want to learn how to create beautiful websites (with emphasis on the beautiful). I think being able to manipulate web content is an extremely valuable skill, comparable to being able to write (manipulate text), and I want to have a firm grasp of a 21st century art form	Not really no
I grew up near Berkeley in Walnut Creek and am very familiar with the Bay Area. I've been an artist of many forms throughout my life, dabbling in arts & crafts, fine arts, and graffiti. However, I am most drawn towards design, whether that be visual design, graphic design, architecture, or UI/UX. I have designed logos for small companies and currently am a graphic designer for Business Review at Berkeley. One of my first professional design experiences was actually with the UC Berkeley Lawrence Hall of Science, where I interned for their TechHive Design Studio as a high school senior, building interactive educational displays. My goal as a Berkeley student is to continue building my resume and growing as a designer through the academic work and collaborative experiences that are unique to UC Berkeley.	While I have no problem with visual design, I feel I am not quite adept in the technical components of web design such as HTML, CSS, and other coding languages. I took AP CS in high school, but I found it did not help me apply my skills to real-life design projects. I am very interested in web design and was a web team member in BARE Magazine last semester, so I hope this class will make me more proficient as a web designer and give me more confidence as a designer in general.	I update and maintain baremagazine.org, which is built using Wordpress. I have also designed several other websites using tools like Wordpress, Weebly, Squarespace, and Cargo Collective, but I have never actually coded a website. 
In this day and age, web design is an essential skill that everyone should have. Not only is it an essential tool to build your online brand image, but it is also an effective outlet for the artistically minded exercising their creative ability. What’s even more interesting is that in web design, little subtle changes can completely separate you from the pack. The MIT Technology Review, for example, uses a classical version of Helvetica, and by combining this with a not-so image-centric design, really provides a modern and fresh feeling, distinct from all its contemporaries.  I wish to learn web design not only for the professional benefits of such a valuable skill but also to express myself visually. I have dabbled in graphic design before, and web design in a new avenue for me to explore my interest. I have tried learning web design personally through online courses such as CodeAcademy but I have discovered that I learn much better directly from experienced and capable teachers who may be able to answer any unusual queries I have and in a structured environment conducive to learning with like-minded peers.	I am a rising sophomore at UC Berkeley aiming to major in Business Administration and Data Science. Born and raised in the city of Lahore in Pakistan, I have witnessed the many failures of inefficient government institutions and what motivates me is to understand the global financial system and utilize this knowledge to help revamp state-run institutions like the national flag carrier, PIA, which is currently operating at a loss of $100m+ per annum. I have previously interned at Small and Medium Enterprise Development Authority (SMEDA) where I helped develop feasibility reports to fund emerging export-oriented businesses. Other than that, I am an avid soccer player, in the Left-Back position, and Table Tennis enthusiast. I love experimenting with Graphic Design to create abstract art and am a semi-professional chess player on the district-level back in Pakistan.	I have designed very simple websites based on HTML5 only.
Hi there! I'm a conservation and resource studies major with a creative streak that won't quit. I love design, and currently work as the creative director for TEDxBerkeley and design for the Berkeley political review. I have a stronger background in fine arts than I do digital media, and I have no coding experience, but I know my way around the adobe creative suite and I would to learn more about web design.	I want to be able to design websites without a web design platform, and I would love to learn how to do this is a classroom setting. I think this decal will help me take my design skills to the next level, and I am especially excited to have more functionality with my personal portfolio.	I have used wix to create my personal portfolio, but otherwise i have no legitimate (lol) web design experience. 
I am a sophomore studying Data Science and working towards the Berkeley Certificate of Innovative Design. I have been traveling a lot in the past years, moving from Chongqing, China, to New Jersey, and now California. Except for English, Mandarin and Sichuan Dialect, I have also learned Japanese and Spanish through this journey. The experience of living and studying abroad has made me sympathetic to the concerns of different communities and compelled me to ponder ways in which I can facilitate useful information to benefit those in need. I am interested in data, visual art, and design thinking that brings creative ideas alive. My passion for design was originated from love for art, when I was gazing at my grandfather's traditional Chinese painting, with different brush strokes and ink patterns enlivening the swallows and blossoms. To me, understanding the problems around people and figuring out how technology and design can add both simplicity and aesthetic perception into their lives is the best part of design thinking.	What draws me into the Web Design DeCal is a research project related to Data Science and Digital Humanities named Liberating the Achieves. There is public transcript of every word spoken by the Supreme Court Judges posted on the official website, yet it takes forever for one to navigate through thousands of PDF files to find the material and to make use of the valuable information. Therefore, my team is collecting and analyzing large sets of legal documents that are not accessible to everyone and prepare them for public research, using our own website. During last semester, we spent hours developing necessary tools to manually clean the data, and emerging with an innovative, sharable data set and a first analysis, including computational text and analytics method. However, no one in our team has much knowledge in web development to connect the back-end with the front-end and we relied largely on existing models. I want our website to be user friendly and visually appealing so that anyone can easily query and shift through the data, collect information that matches their needs, and understand analysis that explores the social impact of these speeches. Personally, I also love design and coding. This would be a great opportunity to broaden my knowledge and create something new. 	No, I do not have prior experience.
I'm a junior studying cs. I'm interested in machine learning and computer graphics. In my free time, I like taking random pictures, going to musicals and read mystery novels.	I want to make a cool personal website. I love how tech and design comes together and the fun products that comes out of it. People spend a lot of time browsing over interesting websites and I want to be able to create something as well. I would like  the chance to work on my creative skills and create something both fun and functional.	Nope.
About to graduate (not ready), fond of food, books, and chocolate (not in that particular order), and always curious (and hungry).  I’ve been doing graphic design since high school through college, and just recently ventured a bit into UI/UX stuff over the summer.  Coding has always been this enigma that I’ve wanted to try, but not quite committed enough to tell if I enjoy it or not.  Muddling through R for a landscape ecology class was the closest I’ve ever been to coding, and I’m hoping that incorporating coding and design together produces something more fruitful and creative-driven!    Besides design I also really love photography, biking, hiking, napping, and trying new things (also I’m also trying to eat my way through Berkeley before I graduate so if you have any recs hit me up!)  Cheers! 	I've been told by Jemma it's an awful class and not to take it (jkjk).  I've always wanted to learn how to design my own/other's sites and am always looking for new ways to expand my design horizons!  Taking this class has been on my list for a very long time, but this is the only semester where I haven’t had a conflict.  Not only will the class be useful for my own personal use, but I’m just curious in general how I can mix different elements of design with web design (pulling from previous graphic, UI/UX, and publishing experiences!).  Besides the fact that people seem to expect graphic designers to know coding these days, understanding at least the basic concepts of the back-end mechanics seems good in order to communicate across teams in potential workplace environments.  For me at least, it’s always easier for me to understand the basics before I can actually learn anything useful from the other party – and I’m hoping this class can do just that! 	Not on the coding end, really just UI/UX mockups for internships/clubs
I am a second-year student who has always been fascinated by the versatility of websites and would love to get a glimpse into their creation.  My interests include music, startups, and healthcare.	My interest in websites deepened into a desire to understand web design following the summer of 2018. At the company I interned for, my manager constantly ran into issues hiring free lance web designers and developers who charged high prices. With only one other web developer in the office, we were shorthanded, and it was then that I realized how essential a functional website could be.  As a student at UC Berkeley who has consulted for startups, I constantly witness the importance of a aesthetically pleasing and well-designed website. As someone who has always maintained an eye for design, I'm also curious about the principles and technical knowledge involved in building simple yet powerful websites that can provide people with enjoyable experiences. Considering the ubiquitous nature of the Internet, I believe web design is a consistently high-impact tool that is still undervalued, and I would love to be part of a class and community that wants to expand access to the process behind many of the websites that we know and love.	I've played around with HTML, but haven't done anything substantial.
I am a senior, but this is my second years at Berkeley because I’m a transferring student. Last year, I did not attend any club since I was trying to familiar with this school and classes. Therefore, my school life are only studying and crying alone. And I feel like I become a more antisocial person, so it's time to make new friends when building my own website. Sounds good!	Recently, I am trying to build my own website; however, it’s kind of hard to make a completed and great website by myself. Sometimes it takes a lot of time on just finding one function to reach the design I want. I really hope I can find a more efficient way to build my website. Then, I saw this decal and then my dying motivation revives again. Thus, I hope I can make a great website in this class.	Start recently.
I'm a senior student majoring in Transportation Engineering and I came to Berkeley last year as an exchange student. I master Python, Matlab and have solid fundamental programming skills. I also have a passion for art. Every time I travelled with friends, they invited me to be their photographer. And I also like to go to art exhibitions at my spare time.	I'm going to combine my academic research with data science. One of my interest areas is data visualization and I'm eager to achieve the ability to complete an animated data visualization project like 24 hours US air traffic animation. It requires tools like D3.js to visualize. To learn D3.js, I need to gain Javascript, CSS and relative web design skills. So I'm eager to take this this class to gain the web design skills. And I also want to achieve a theme website designed by myself or with teammates to share portfolios and lives.	No.
I'm a sophomore CS major from northern California who's taken CS10, CS61a, CS61b, and CS70 in the past, and hope to TA for CS10 in the future. 	I want to explore more aspects of CS and learn more about the front-end side of web development. I think learning HTML, CSS, and Javascript through this decal would be invaluable knowledge no matter my future career. I've always appreciated well-designed websites (and seen too many terrible ones) and it would be interesting to learn how they are created. Plus, having such experience (and having a great, self-designed personal webpage) would be a great resource for getting internships and jobs. Having explored some aspects of web design in the past, I am eager to learn more practical and applicable knowledge.	In Fall 2018 I was on the AFX Dance Tech Committee, where we worked on a Ruby on Rails app which manages team rosters. The Roster app creates a database of dancers during the audition process and processes team creation and team switching, as well as user authentication for board members and team directors.
My name is Evan Sum and I'm a sophomore majoring in Computer Science! I like eating different foods and drinking milk tea. Despite how hectic things get with school, I love being helpful and being there for my friends. Whether that be being someone to talk to, to help with homework, or just to attend their events to support them, socializing with others and seeing others succeed brings me joy. Other than attending classes, I often go volunteer around the Bay Area with Circle K International. Community service is important to me because it relates to the ideas of paying compassion forward and saying “thank you” to the past. I think that everyone in the past has been helped voluntarily by someone else, whether that be at a school carnival or a random race they have done, and volunteering is similar to appreciating those in the past and offering one’s services to the future. Other than helping others, I am also very curious and have lots of trouble with many homework assignments; however, I am not afraid to ask questions and go to office hours. I know it may get somewhat annoying or repetitive, but I am not afraid to ask for help and come back to ask questions twice. The way I got through the computer science courses and decals I have taken before were by going to the office hours and getting the help I needed. 	I want to take this class because I want to gain more design skills. In the past, I've believed that there was never a need to understand what makes something aesthetic versus unaesthetic, but I've grown to realize that how nice something looks is key to its success. For photos, videos, and websites, the aesthetic of that product constructs a consumer’s first impression. However, only realizing this nineteen years too late, I want to take the opportunity to expand my horizons to see if I could gain this artistic eye that is so crucial as a hard skill, but also as a life skill. Because I already have a computer science background, I want to build on these skills by learning design principles and how to construct a beautiful website, especially because I am inspired by seeing my mentor's websites. I also enjoy learning useful skills that I can apply to situations outside of class. For example, I took a Ruby on Rails Decal Course to learn many things about the back end actions that happen behind a website. I was able to use that knowledge to help build an online stamp card for my community service club to encourage more people to volunteer. Now, something I want to work on improving the design of my website, since right now is simply at a minimally viable product. That’s how this course struck my interest and I decided to apply. 	I have not had previous web design experience
My name is Phu. I am a senior studying EECS and I am from Los Angeles. In my free time, I quite enjoy listening to Jazz music. I am also interested in art and designing stuffs because art could help my brain and body relax and I really feel freedom in the world of art.  	I found a passion of being a front-end engineer in future when I took the User Interface and Design class (CS 160) last year at Berkeley. I like to learn about user behaviors when they are using website or mobile apps and how we can give them the best experiences. 	I've learned HTML/CSS by myself through internet and done some online projects.
Hi! I'm Boyang, a CS major who's still trying to find his place in this world. The classes I've taken are largely technical and theoretical in nature, so I use my free time as an outlet for my artsy side; I enjoy playing video games, drawing and painting, learning new accents and writing reviews (for a lot of things)! 	You know those people who think that it would be a great idea to graduate early? I used to think like that, and as such I rushed a good amount of course work while suppressing my desires to take more fun and interesting classes. I was a stupid freshman then, but I now realize my glory days are going to pass me by, and that I should explore my interests. Plus, who doesn't like a cool website? I mean, I'd want one. 	Nope.
I am a senior majoring in Data Science.  I love music; I spend a lot of my free time playing guitar and finding new music.  Currently pretty into the budding london jazz scene.  I also spend all my disposable income on concerts.   I love watching and playing basketball. Go Knicks :( .  Recently I've gotten more interested in entrepreneurship and plan to get more involved with programs at the Sutardja Center of Entrepreneurship and Technology.	I recently participated in the Berkeley Method of Entrepreneurship Bootcamp (IEOR 192) where my team's start up was selected as the winner.  The start up idea my team created requires a website to be fully operational.  I figured this decal would be a great way for me to learn how to make the necessary site.  Additionally, I have always been interested in learning how to create websites but have never taken the time to do so.  This decal would be a good, structured way for me to learn how.	I have not!
I'm Dustin, I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago, and I'm a sophomore studying CS. I originally was trying to be a math major but I ended up declaring CS. Outside of class I like to play ultimate frisbee and I've started lifting at the gym more seriously. I also enjoy listening to music, and I played the violin as a kid and throughout high school. Since coming to college I've stopped practicing, but I've picked up dancing as a hobby instead.	When I was a kid I liked to go on this online video game forum (dotacommentaries.com) where people would post things in cool fonts and somehow insert hyperlinks to pages without outright typing the website (like when the link says "click here" instead of just "www.google.com"). I also remember one day in Chinese school my friend showed me how to create my own websites using free website creators online, and I went home and fiddled around with that. These past experiences with html/css and website design pushed me to try actually learning how to code, so one spring break in high school I tried to learn how to code html. I got "how to code html for dummies" from the library and tried to teach myself, but it was frustrating because it was my first time trying to code, and I ended up just getting bored and giving up. Fast forward to college, I decided to give CS another go and I ended up enjoying 61A enough to do the other prerequisites and declare CS. The things I learned in class were very interesting, but they were all back end stuff, I've still never learned how to use html or design websites. I want to take this class to satisfy the interests I had as a kid.	I tried teaching myself some html/css one spring break in high school but I only vaguely remember how to make a hyperlink
I am a sophomore majoring in CS and applied mathematics. I have taken all math and CS lower division courses and applying for web design is purely my interest! The idea of learning web design first came out when I was participating LA Hacks when our group had no one who really know how to do web design. 	It is really cool to design a webpage! I really want to get familiar with tools like CSS javascript and ruby etc. This decal is really a nice match and application of these skills so I want to learn new skills and apply what I have learned in previous semesters.	No not at all.
I'm a fourth year sociology major and always like to explore different area of studies and learn new things. I think web design would greatly help me with my future project and would be something very different and new from my major. 	I want to start my own business and I'd love to learn about web design and gain some experience and knowledge in this area. 	no experience. 
I've grown up moving around a lot because I'm a military kid. I've lived in Hawaii, Germany, Japan, South Korea, Texas, and finally California. I absolutely love traveling, art, singing, photography, and am interested in Architecture and Media Studies. I'd describe myself as a hands-on, organized, and energetic person. My spirit animal is a gazelle and my horoscope is a Taurus. 	I am interested in becoming a Media Studies major and feel that this class would be beyond valuable in developing skills in photoshop, photography, and graphic design. I'm visually oriented and love painting/drawing but would love to expand my artistic style through digital tools. 	Not yet!
I am a 4th year cognitive science major. I have a passion for software development and design and in the near future hope to work in tech as a front-end web developer. I like building things and making things from scratch. I've always been curious on how things work from the base level and love learning about them. I sometimes randomly just google search how certain things were made and find myself in a web of pages of what started as a small curiosity. Outside from academics I have a passion for music  and design. I love music because it helps me express what I have trouble expressing. For example, expressing different feelings can sometimes be difficult, but the right music with the certain mood can express it easily for me. Also, as cliche as this sounds, but music takes me places. It travels through time and places; I might not have been alive a certain era in history or necessarily be in a certain place, but music definitely helps my imagination about those time(s) and place(s). I love finding new music and learning about the artists. I think it's pretty cool to see how an artist music changes and how they grow with the music they produce. My other interest is design. I don't consider myself a good designer, but I'm learning. I like design because it's interesting how different elements come together to produce certain concepts/images.	I was around 10 years old when I joined Myspace and was exposed to the world of web design. At first, web design was just a task I had to complete to make my Myspace page look nice, later however, I found a passion and hobby for web designing beyond Myspace. I was a huge Disney Channel fan then so while keeping up with my favorite Disney Channel celebrities, I stumbled across multiple fan sites, which had aesthetically pleasing layouts and cool features that wowed me. I was curious on how to build something as cool as what I saw and was determined to create a site similar. Thanks to the inspect element feature, I was able to copy the html code and tinker with it using free hosting sites such as Blogger and Weebly. Although I was able to use some of the cool features I wanted in the many different fan sites I created, I never really learned beyond copy and pasting about web designing. I want to take this class because I want to develop my knowledge, skills, and passion for web design. My childhood curiosity about web design still lingers. I hope to fulfill my curiosity with the help of this course and build the aesthetically pleasing websites similar to those I very much admired as a child but instead build it on my own from scratch.	yes but very little
I am a fun spirited individual. I love to make friends, play video games, hit the gym, go to church and design. 	I want to be a User Experience Designer when I graduate, but I also want to pick up the skill of Web Design to strengthen my experience in the Design field. I honestly would have so much fun in this class that it wouldn't feel like so much work.	I have prior design experience for UX like sketch, AdobeXD, Photoshop.
I'm the type of student who enjoys creativity and intellectual challenges. I enjoy programming because it is a blend of both, and it's interesting to see a unique solution from a different person when solving a particular problem. At the same time, I also enjoy creating new things that are not developed from code, but from kindness. When I was an AP Computer Science tutor, I started a YouTube channel called JavaGoddess to help students around the world with Java programming, without being limited to my classmates after school. Since my hobbies also include baking, I recently started a nonprofit to bake free cakes for the LGBTQ community, as they have a tough history of being denied service from wedding cake bakers. I hope that by joining the Web Design Decal, I can create impressive websites for my organizations to help more people around the world.	I've started various organizations and contributed to blogs before, but I have never developed my own website before. By taking this course, I hope to gain the tools I need to market my organizations so that more people will know about them. After developing professional looking websitesI hope more aspiring students will come for my Java programming help and more people identifying themselves as LGBTQ will hear about opportunities to get free wedding cakes.	No
I have a deep love for food and for people. I want to help people navigate America's jacked up food systems to develop healthy relationships with healthy food by presenting it in the most unpretentious way possible -- no filters or fancy jargon, nor any restrictive diets. My major was the closest thing to help me achieve this while I was applying to college, but seven semesters in, I realized that I'd rather have a career doodling and designing than taking charts in a hospital. Now, in my final semester of undergrad, I have decided to pursue a career in UX/product design in order to make websites that promote healthy eating and resources for it more accessible and attractive to those who need it. Lord knows that the average person can’t be cooking beautiful, photogenic, superfood and antioxidant rich meals every day, but that doesn’t mean you can’t eat well on a budget! So I recently started a more realistic version of a nutrition student’s food Instagram (@birdiesbrunch) in protest of millennial health/foodie culture because I believe from the bottom of my heart that there is room for ice cream and Hot Cheetos in a healthy diet (it’s healthy for the soul, darn it). You didn’t need to know that but I thought I’d let you know because my charm is oversharing trivial and personal tidbits. Nice to meet you.  	Every time I tell people I'm trying to get into UX design with a background in Nutritional Science, I feel just a little ridiculous and overly optimistic because honestly, I have no experience in the field. No related hard skills to speak of. My hopes are for this class to provide me with a basis to start learning and developing those skills, and hopefully give me a better direction for where I need to supplement my education. Also, I am an avid Wordpress user and I want to stunt on my friends by making my blog super beautiful. That would be cool. 	Tinkering around on MySpace and Tumblr is about the extent of it! 
I identify myself as an artist as well as a prospective pediatrician. Since I was little, I’ve loved art and music. I was a kind of child who was singing all the time anywhere from at home to in the middle of the street. When I got boring during class, I filled my notebook pages with my doodles. (I no longer do it by the way because I am taking all of my classes, including this class, because I’m actually interested in them!) Other times I designed my dream dress and attempted to make it. Although I no longer have as much time to do art, I still consider myself as an artist, and I spend much of my little free time doing it. On contrast, it is relatively recent that I started dreaming about being a pediatrician. In fact, until I did my first hospital volunteer in my freshman year, I always wanted to be a researcher because I liked exploring how things work and why they are how they are. However, as I interacted with patients, I realized I loved doing it, especially with kids and babies. Now I volunteer at Down Syndrome Clinic at UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital, where I play with and educate kids with Down Syndrome and other mental, emotional, and behavioral disorders during their visits and some social events for their families. It is my dream to be a pediatrician and incorporate art into physical and mental care for little kids.	I’m interested in taking this class because I want to be able to create my own website where I can manage all of my artworks. As I mentioned above, I love expressing myself through art. There are so many forms of art I love that the means of my expression ranges from drawing and painting, to crafting, to singing, and so on. For example, I record myself singing, create a simple animation, put them together, and upload it online in my free time. Other times I draw some pictures and use them to design things like T shirts and phone cases. I’ve been posting them separately on the social media websites that are appropriate for each form of art, but now that my collection has gotten pretty big, I would like to have my own website where I can put all of my works in one place in an organized manner. I believe it will make me much easier to manage my works and share them with my friends. I’m sure the skill I learn in this class will also be useful in many other situations I will likely to face at work, including the times I will need to build a website for my future clinic or another for providing the community with information about available healthcares. I’m excited to learn and use the skills of web design to broaden my online world.	No
I'm Anna! I love to craft and paint in my free time and my current obsession is plants and cacti. I also really enjoy cooking (don't do it much but I love reading fancy recipes!) and being outdoors! If I had a car I would love to go to the beaches in Marin more and hike around Point Reyes. My favorite movie is Interstellar, and I really like reading breakdowns and analyses of shows/movies from the directors and actors. Aaaaaand I love to try new things! Like web design!	I've never really explored HTML/CSS/JavaScript, but recently I've been wanting to make a personal/professional website and I realized that I have no idea how to do that. I love designing and crafting things and programming so web design sounds like the perfect combo of both!	Nope!!
I am an ex-ballet dancer who left Cal to finishing up her dance training in the East Coast. Unfortunately, I was severely injured and will not be returning to ballet. I suffered from depression and through the help of friends (and lots of therapy) I am now happier than I was even before my injury! The upside to not dancing is being able to eat whatever whenever and it has been wonderful! I often take the bus to SF and spend too much time on Yelp searching for the next perfect meal.	Not dancing has allowed me to pursue my technical interests. I took the iOS Decal last semester and became obsessed. I now want to pursue iOS development and hope this course will help me learn the basics of web design so I can create product pages for my apps and a personal website.	No
I will be graduating with a Business degree in May. I am still searching for full-time positions, but I'd like to work in commercial real estate after graduation. This past summer, I interned at at CBRE, which is a commercial real estate company, in San Francisco. Outside of school, I enjoy outdoor activities, such as hiking and biking. I used to be an avid watch collector, but now I mainly read about them because I'm a broke college student.	I was part of a club during senior year of high school, where we learned web design, mainly focusing on HTML. Unfortunately, I don't remember anything, as it is hard to remember something, if you don't practice it. I'd like to regain my skills and have the knowledge to build a simple website. My cousins run a small environmental engineering firm and they just spent a bunch of money on a new website. It would be nice to tell them that I can take care of updating the website for them next time for free, since they're family.	Very basic experience from a club I was a member of in high school, where we learned web design
Hey! I'm a transfer student from a local community college that is interested in the creative aspect of web design. I applied last semester, but was sadly rejected. I took the initiative during that semester to review the wdd.io websit, but found it slightly hard to follow at times. Taking this class during the Spring would greatly help and propel me further into web design!	 I loved the wdd.io website from the previous semester and absolutely love creating things. I love the freedom and beauty of creating something that expresses something to someone else on the other side of the world via a beautiful website. 	I had a little bit of web design experience  
I love basketball, chess and poker. I also like playing the cajon and other percussion instruments. I am from India and I was raised in the Middle East. So yeah, I am obsessed with land cruisers and other large SUVs. I got into STEM when I was in 8th grade. I joined the Robotics Club at my high school and my interest in building machines and writing programs became an obsession. You can find me at the RSF almost every evening playing pick-up basketball and then later playing online poker. I like reading books on the history of human kind and how it evolved through the centuries to become this massive civilization we live in. I also meditate 40 mins a day. I aim to become skilled at full stack software development and I'd like to pursue my career here in the bay area. As a person who's only lived in the United States for 1 and a half years, excusing my lack of insight about the country, I truly find the bay area to be the most intriguing, lively and welcoming place in America (except for the rent).	I have been involved in the Pioneers in Engineering Club and the Formula One Racing Club on campus. Most of my work involves designing, manufacturing PCB schematics and taking care of the Electric Wiring and Circuitry. I haven't been too involved with the software side of things. After taking CS61B, I have found a new love for Front End Development and I want to explore it more. I want to learn how to build websites, mobile apps, and other kinds of GUI's. I also want to build a personal website for myself where I can showcase my Computer Science Projects, create a portfolio, and maybe write a blog! Also, During my hunt for an internship last semester, I noticed how the industry loves to see experience in front end developing (CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, Ruby, Swift etc..). All these reasons have propelled me to expand my software development skill-set and this is why I think your decal is perfect for me.	I learned a little bit of JavaScript on CodeAcademy, but its very basic knowledge.
Hi, I am Shein. I am in math major here. I like build something quick and pretty. So, I had been learning web design as self-study when I started learning CS. But, I suck at design and I've never really gotten far with this. So, I would like to learn more about it in this class.	I want to learn more on the design portion of web design. I know the basic of programming portion but I am really bad at design and it's hard to make a finished product. Since I self-study for the web design, I want to refine the programming portion too.	I do but they are all self-study and thus all over the place. Also, I had only learned the programming part mostly. I want to learn the design portion and practice more with programming portion.
I'm just a guy who's chilling and speaks whether comes to mind. I like working with projects and currently trying to implement a solver for a variation of chess. I'm interested in game theory and want to pursue something that involves artificial intelligence. I also have multiple hobbies such as drawing and playing tennis. When I'm bored, I usually browse YouTube and look for interesting talks about life and the world, such as "So why does two blocks colliding calculate pi?" Something that's probably related to the class that's about me is that I appreciate good design, and have watched and listened to documentaries say that doors that have handles pointing outwards is bad, and that they should replace them with flats.	I want to learn about web design and design my own website. I think that skill would be pretty useful to have, especially with the rise of the internet taking over the minds of the youth, and being part of the side that cunningly feeds the populace with ideas of good design and Fortnite propaganda is definitely a win for me. Also being taught about good design makes you a better person.	No, except a little of CS 161 (Computer Security) knowledge
I am quite an ambitious person, as there is so much I want to do, especially with programming. I do not have a large amount of experience, as I have only started taking programming courses since my final year of high school, but I truly want to learn more and practice. I am far more drawn to hands-on assignments where I get to work and problem solve, rather than reading out of a book. I work really well by myself, as I am usually able to get a lot done alone and concentrate, but I also love collaborating and working with others, as it often not only helps me when I’m stuck, but also makes way for great social opportunity. Steering away from programming and schoolwork, I love playing guitar, making my own music, writing stories, and playing badminton. I consider myself a creative person; I love thinking outside of the box and I love the feeling of creating things in general. Completely unrelated, but I really enjoy true crime stories and completely binge-watched Forensic Files throughout break, to the point where I was too scared to leave my home.	After learning the basics / concepts of programming, the most difficult part for me has actually been turning that knowledge into legitimate products. I am struggling to learn how to make use of my programming skills, so I am eager to take this course so that I can be in a guided, supportive environment that makes this journey much less daunting for me. It would be exciting to not only come out of the course with a finished, functioning website, but also the skills to create similar things in the future. I would love to take part in this opportunity to pave the way to creating real work with programming. I have also always wondered about web design and how it is done, although I have struggled because jumping in by myself feels quite scary. Taking this course would both allow me to learn web design and also allow me to see how people in the real tech industry create products, beyond the simple bubble of my programming classes where we write small programs that are usually limited. 	I have not really had web design experience, although I did participate in CalHacks last semester, in which my team made a website / web application that used Spotify's API to organize songs in a playlist by BPM. Here, I slightly got to work with Javascript, HTML, and CSS, although I am largely still unfamiliar with them.
I´m a transfer student and my major is computer science.	I really want to improve my skills about web design and learn as much as I can in this course.	No
I'm a third year studying Computer Science and Cognitive Science. Aside from software, my hobbies include photography, playing the oboe, and competitive Super Smash Bros. Something I'm interested in learning more about soon is mechanical keyboards and how to build one of my own. I think I'm pretty bad at icebreakers, so I often don't know how to answer these types of questions!	I already got my foot in the foot in the door of web design, but I'd like to revisit my skills and learn from a different experience. Although my self-taught experience was worthwhile, I felt that the process of using Code Academy was a bit clumsy and unorganized. I'm interested in diving deeper into web dev than just HTML and CSS. I would like to make my work more interactive in the future and I think this decal is a great avenue to explore that.	I created my website from scratch during winter break of 2018. Although the website is not live right now (due to renewal fees), it was a really rewarding project for me. I was able to put up a portfolio of my work up on the web, as well as set the framework for future work.
Over break, I went trekking through New Zealand – where I grew up. It was something I agreed to by accident on the phone with my parents, only to find out right before that neither of them are coming with me. The last time I went on a long trek was 2 years ago and I’ve been telling everyone that 2 years is the perfect time because it’s just enough to forget about the pain.   Anyways I don’t really know how best talk about myself, so I hope this short anecdote helped provide insight into my personality. Other random facts: My favorite TV show is Westworld; favorite sub-reddit (currently) is r/unethicallifeprotips (for entertainment purposes only and definitely not practical use). My idol is Casey Neistat, very much for his lifestyle and creativity. Something I’m quite proud of is this self-proclaimed title of modern-wannabe-renaissance woman, because I seem to find an interest in almost everything. Something I’m not so proud of is how long I’m taking to answer this question because it really isn’t easy talking about yourself.   Maybe you expected a strong essay about all my outstanding qualities, maybe you expected a deep and meaningful insight into my character, but hopefully you didn’t expect anything at all. And hopefully, my choice to have a genuine one-sided conversation will land me a spot in this decal. If anything at all, I promise to bring some wholesome fun to the class. 	Perhaps you can already tell from the structure of my previous essay, I am quite spontaneous, likewise my interest in web development or tech in general. I came into Berkeley wanting to major in architecture. Young, first-semester me thought CS was just this new bandwagon everyone was trying to jump on.   But after getting to know these kids more and talking to more people in the industry, I started to really understand what CS was and could become. So I enrolled in CS10 which actually became my favorite class. There was something weirdly fun about obsessing to create the bug-free project through Snap!. The process of trying, and failing, and trying again seemed to be wired to my brain perfectly.   So last break, I started to seriously consider the CS path. And as I was stalking famous developers, strangers, friends, or just anyone with a somewhat established career, I noticed that a lot more people are starting to have personal websites. I’ve always wanted to make one and always imagined just using drag and drop templates from Squarespace or the good old Wix.com. This curiosity into web development thus became the lovechild of the thoughts of a personal website and a CS degree. I found myself reading Medium articles about UX/UI and diving videos that taught beginner HTML. I never got far beyond the basics as I had to pack for the flight back to Berkeley, but I figured this class would be the perfect opportunity to continue. 	Barely any at all. Over break I taught myself a little bit of HTML, but just enough to understand the basics.
I am a senior student majoring sociology. Also, I am an international student from Japan. What I like to do in my spare time is to find good restaurants/cafes. I simply love enjoying good foods/drinks and find interesting in observing how products are presented in each store. After I graduate from Cal, I will be working in a consulting firm in Japan.	I did a marketing/brand building internship over the last summer and learnt how web design can give viewers different impressions. I explained my idea and what I want on the website of the product I was working on to the front-end developpers, but it would have been even better experience for me if I could have created the website by my own. Through this course, I would like to get to know resources to learn web design and eventually be able to design web by myself. Also, I am excited to develp my view of brand building through the learning of web design. 	No
Hello! I'm a third year CS major from Fremont, CA. Unlike many CS majors who have been coding for longer than they can remember, I came into Berkeley as an Applied Math major who didn't quite know how to answer the inevitable question I was always asked: "So what are you planning on doing with that after college?" Immersed in the CS culture here at Berkeley after experimenting with CS 10 and loving it, I found the courage to take CS 61A and that started my journey with computer science. It was discouraging at times, comparing myself to my peers as there was a huge learning curve I had yet to overcome. However, 3 semesters and 3 very difficult classes later I accomplished my goal of declaring and couldn't be more proud of myself for looking back at how far I've come. Aside from CS, you can find me in various dog-related groups on Facebook because I'm obsessed with dogs and especially pugs. I'm a huge foodie and love cooking, baking and exploring the culinary scene at Berkeley. I'm not vegan but if you're ever looking for amazing vegan restaurants in the area, I'm your go-to person (The Butcher's Son is amazing!). 	As a CS major, I feel like I've learned many important theoretical concepts here in my classes, but I have missed out on a lot of practical applications of CS. I've always wanted to learn Web Design and HTML/CSS/JavaScript as there are a countless number of potential things you can do with these few skills. This would be the perfect opportunity to learn these skills before I graduate - I feel like these skills are becoming necessary and invaluable in today's world. For a few semesters I've been meaning to create my own website to showcase some of my abilities and accomplishments and this class would provide me with the tools and knowledge to do so. Being taught by peers around my own age in a smaller class size will be an amazing contrast to the usual style of being lectured along with 500 other students in other technical classes. Hopefully it will allow me to make deeper connections with the students and facilitators around me as we interact and learn these skills alongside one another. This is the perfect decal for me as this class would truly complete my CS education and offer me a more well-rounded experience, with skills that I can put to use in the industry. 	Nope, I haven't! That's a huge part of the reason I want to take this decal.
I'm a sophomore at UC Berkeley who loves to make data driven decision to improve the experience of people who I interact with. I'm majoring in political economy with a minor in public policy because these are what interest me! I'm involved with consulting for high growth startups and working in our 501(c )(3) nonprofit student government throughout the year and continue my insights in digital marketing when possible. Through a previous marketing internship, I learned the importance and applicability of well collected data when using content marketing. Java/css/html offer much more functionality and personalization in industry websites that I have found very useful for our firm's site. 	I try to take all my classes out of interest and future applicability. Although I found that there's much more I can learn in marketing through work experience rather than structured lecture, I also learned that having prior knowledge is a significant advantage. Especially when the majority of public engagement and interface can be done through the internet, having a well designed website is a good indicator of the personality and credibility of the designer.   I want to be able to add customized code to websites that I work on such as my personal website and any future work I do, in order to tailor the UX for people interacting with my sites. While working in wordpress, I've found many areas where I could improve the applicability of a plugin or functionality of site functions (such as popup forms/message bot integrations), but I lacked the sufficient knowledge to do so and experiment without risk of significantly messing things up.   Websites are important and I want to learn the basics and practice. It's difficult that the department doesn't offer a course on this despite many other colleges prioritizing the web design field and offering multiple tiered classes. 	I've done basic inspect element to delete annoying popup adblock messages and paywalls whenever I'm on a news site. 
I'm a PC building and parts hunting hobbyist in addition to being a CS major and everything in the technology-sphere interests me (e.g. hardware, software, networking, security, etc). 	I've been developing a Django site for a few months now and have mainly been focusing on the backend (and neglecting the frontend). I want to level up from being a front-end novice and acquire skills from this decal!	I have, and I wanted to build upon the challenges I faced while designing and implementing the front-end part of my project. In particular, I want to become proficient in javascript because I know how versatile and useful it is in creating a modern responsiveness to sites. 
I am from Edison, New Jersey. I play the violin and I used to play the piano. I enjoy watching other people play video games and occasionally play video games myself. My favorite thing to do is to lay in bed with my computer and just stare at the moving things on the screen.	I don't know a whole lot about web design, but I am curious about how exactly it works, what kinds of challenges people run into in web design and how they overcome them. It's a different area from the programming taught in the lower division courses, and I want to expand my knowledge beyond what's taught in class. In addition to what I can do on my own, I also want some exposure in a more structured environment.	I've played around with HTML/CSS a tiny bit, but that's about it.
I come from Long Beach, CA and I'm Cambodian American. My hobbies include drawing, painting, and scrolling through twitter for memes. Steven Universe and Rick and Morty are my all time favorite TV shows. Games that I play for days on end are all the Pokemon games and Stardew Valley. I work a lot with youth through mentorships or through overnight stay programs where we show them around UC Berkeley. I'm always down to try new things such as this web design class. I also have an addiction to dying my hair a lot.	I'm really interested in design and I want to know what goes into making a website. I have recently decided to take up cog sci as my second major as I've come to find that I really enjoy learning about the programming part of the major and how far it can go. I also really like art and want to see how art and design are incorporated into web making. I'm really excited for the design part because this would be a way for me to express my creativity on a web page. I also hope to pursue some type of online designing in the future and I hope this class can be my first step towards that goal.	Yes, but it was because I was in a computer class in like 7th grade that introduced us to VERY basic web designing.
I'm a third year MCB major with an emphasis in Immunology & Pathogenesis. Originally from the LA area, I enjoy playing tennis, reading, and writing in my spare time, and I love to go to theaters on a whim. My hobbies include high-fidelity audio and collecting postcards/flags from different places.  	I grew up with a great interest in film and visual design, and despite my major, I've actually really enjoyed many of the off-major classes that I've taken so far at Cal (both academic and Decals). Since coming to Berkeley, I've found interest in so many things I had never even thought of. With web design being an incredibly versatile skill, I hope to take this class to both learn some technical aspects of web design, as well as broaden my own horizons as my future looms near. Furthermore, web design seems to be the intersection between aesthetic and technical creativity, which is something that I consider a lot when writing and learning, and learning about a field that requires both creativity and technical mastery piques my interest greatly.	No, but I hope to learn.
Hi! My name is Lily and I am a sophomore studying BioE. I like to take aesthetic food photos and graphic designing, which led me to be in Cal's Blue and Gold yearbook, where I do spread designing. I frequently use indesign, photoshop and illustrator to create my designs and my main aesthetic is minimalist and geometric. I also enjoy spending my free time reading, swimming or cooking, mainly stress baking cakes, cookies, you name it. 	I love doing graphic design so I thought it would be cool if I could find a way to turn that skill into website designing. I've always wanted to be able to create a website the way I wanted it to look. I've used website templates before but I lacked the skill to understand how to edit them to make them personalized and to fit the look I wanted it to achieve. I hope that through this class, I will be able to gain the skill set to create a personalized website and to learn to design on a different platform.	I have used website templates before, but I have not designed anything from scratch. 
I am a Blockchain Research and Developer. I have been working on Blockchain for the past two years and have won some National/International Blockchain Hackathons.	I want to strengthen my web design skills. This will help me to be self sufficient and allow me to turn the exact website in my mind into reality without help. Web design knowledge will definitely give me a boost and help me create even better applications  	I have a bit of web development experience but overall I am a beginner, but I am ready to start with my web design journey!
I was born and raised in a small city called Luoyang located in the middle part of China. Growing up, I have been deeply into conservation and intercultural exchanges. In high school, I founded Campus Sustainability Group which cooperates with other high schools and focuses on solving environmental problems on campus. With a theme on water, our team took the Watershed Academy Training offered by EPA and implemented projects such as Rain Garden Project that deals with excess runoff on campus. However, I remember that our team had to give up some very innovative ideas that are hard to implement without solid graphing and coding skills. Therefore, I decided to pursue computer science as a major and arm myself with skills that can support and realize both others’ and my ideas. Not only am I into conservation and technology, but I also value intercultural exchanges because of my identity. Coming from a city unfamiliar to many people, I feel the need to the show the world the intriguing history and culture in Luoyang. Therefore, I have been volunteering for local travel agencies as a private tour guide for English-speaking visitors and interning in the Pacific Asia Travel Association to promote cultural events during International Peony Festival. I can’t say that I am a tech person as many CS majors would since I am still exploring both the STEM and humanity fields. Here at Cal, I wish to find the balance between the two and make a difference in people’s lives.	Last semester, I participated in Cub Start and joined Cal Hacks. Particularly, I went to one of the workshops during Cub Start and learned about Front End Web Development. At the workshop, I had a glance of website designing using HTML/CSS/Javascript. However, since we had limited time learning about Web Development, my partners and I only created a very basic web page which fell short of our expectation. Even though we came up with quite interesting features and designs of our project (a platform that coordinates communication between landlords and tenants,) we were not able to incorporate them onto our webpage. Similarly, during the CS 61A project fair, my partner and I submitted our ideation of our project, which promotes a shared kitchen idea, but we did not know how to implement it using materials learned in 61A. During Prof. DeNero’s office hour, he suggested us build a web app and recommend us to take this Wed Design decal. What’s more, I joined the Web Dev Committee of Women in Math (WiM) organization last semester. During our meetings, I learned a little about maintaining our website using WordPress. However, due to my lack of experience in Web Dev, I could not contribute a lot to the committee and, therefore, feel the need to improve my skills in website design. Therefore, I really want to take this course because of the many ideas that my partners and I wish to implement and an urgent desire to contribute to the Web Dev Committee of WiM. 	I had very little experience.
My name is a Sunay and I'm a freshman hoping to declare Computer Science. I started learning to code with solely online classes in high school, but I quickly realized that I much prefer the discipline of a class to help me stay on track and ensure that I carry out my goals in learning computer science. Hence, this DeCal and my major. Besides coding, I also enjoy running and being active in general. I like Rubik's cubes and cooking oatmeal.	As a CS major starting to apply to summer internships and programs, I see a lot of positions that require fluency in HTML, CSS, Javascript, etc. Primarily then, I want to be able to add these languages to my skillset and gain experience with them. In addition, I'd love to be able to create a website of my own from scratch - it would be nice to be able to link to my own personal site that isn't made using just a template.	I made a basic website in high school, but I would like to learn how to design more complex websites in this DeCal.
I am graduating Spring 2019, and am hoping to get a job in game development. Even though I am a cogsci major, I don't like science at all; I am more interested in computer science: programming, machine learning, artificial intelligence, cyber security, augmented reality, etc. I wish I had more time to learn more about these various topics.	I feel like cs classes at Berkeley are helpful, but I want to learn more skills rather than simply concepts in class. I feel like there are no classes like this one, so I want to take it.	In high school, so I don't really remember most of the things, but I'm sure I could pick things like html and css quickly.
Well well well, where to start. I'm a hispanic guy about yay high who is pursuing a career as a project engineer (despite studying architecture oops). I am a enthusiastic and positive type of person who enjoys the arts, nature, and design of various mediums. I paddle for Cal Dragon Boat on the weekends and gym often during the week. I enjoy Arctic Monkeys, Kendrick Lamar, and other artists of the similar kind. Jamba Juice anyone?	A friend of mine took the class in fall 2018 and I remember seeing her code every now and then. When she showed me her final project, I was simply amazed on how coding can produce a visually appealing website and immediately wished I had applied for the course sooner. As mentioned, I am an architecture major, so being able to design my own website to not only showcase my work, but to add a personal touch to it, would be a great skill to have (and maybe even teach others!).	No :/ pls help
I am a 19 year old Vietnamese-American female who is interested in pursuing a career in business within the intersections of the fashion industry. My current skills lie in my knowledge of Illustrator and my working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop along with Adobe Premiere Pro and Audition CC. My other interests include making playlists in Spotify and Soundcloud, watching anime, advocating for mental health, and browsing the latest fashion trends in social media platforms.	I want to take this class because I want to expand my knowledge of the potential creative outlets that take place in the design realm. Since I am an intended Cognitive Science major, I hope to be able to apply the skills that I have or will learn in the near future into the decal. I would like to see a connection between the content that I am learning in the classroom setting and seeing how they apply in the real world setting.	I do not have any prior web design experience. 
I am a third year student pursuing a degree in computer science. I try to go on at least 2 hikes a week in the fire trails to escape the library and get out in nature, which I have found improves my happiness greatly. I am originally from SoCal, but plan to stay in the bay after college. I also just got a ton of backpacking gear and plan to do a lot of backpacking trips this semester on random weekends.	All of my studies have focused around the back end of things and web development has always been something that, while has interested me greatly, I have no idea how it works. Recently a friend came to me and asked for help setting up a website for him to sell clothes on. I said sure and thought it would be easy, but I proceeded to spend countless hours trying and making very little progress. From that point I realized that web development wasn't a "will I learn it" thing, but rather a "when will I learn it". I hope it can be in this class!	I have not! Besides editing my MySpace back in the day.
I'm a senior CS student who will be graduating (fingers crossed) at the end of this semester. I'm half Japanese and half white, and I enjoy partaking in many basic Asian gal activities like going to Asha and Boba Guys, wearing FILA Disruptors, listening to K-Pop, shopping at Everlane, and using test-driven development.   Ever since I was little, I've liked being creative. I was in my school's choir from 5th grade until I graduated high school, I always carried a sketchbook with me that I filled with doodles, and I taught myself to crochet for the sole purpose of making myself a Totoro plushie. I would love a way to combine my creative interests with my field of study to make things that are not only functional, but also aesthetically pleasing and easy to use.	I was first exposed to the intersection of design and computer science while I interned for a tiny tech startup last summer – with an office of only ~10 people, I got a chance to see everyone's roles in building the product, and was fascinated by the design process. It was here that I first learned how important design is. After all, what's the use of creating something amazingly complex and efficient, using the best algorithms for the job, if your interface and design are so bad that no one can use your product?   With my interest in design sparked, I took CS 160 last semester and had a really good time working with my team to make an Android app for dyslexic students, making it easier and more comfortable for them to navigate a text-heavy world. However, this class only covered Android development, and nothing about web development –which was what I was first fascinated by during my internship. Since web design is applicable to every device, not just Android phones, I feel like it's a much more widely applicable skill and definitely one I want to learn before I graduate. I had applied for this DeCal once back in Fall 2017, but after my experience in my internship and taking CS 160 last semester I became more interested (you could probably even say desperate) to take this class than ever. 	I don't have any web design experience. As mentioned before, I have some Android design experience from taking CS 160, but that's it! For all web design-related intents and purposes, I'm a beginner.
My name is Emily and I am a sophomore studying computer science. My other interests are music, design, and fashion. I love to collaborate with others to create meaningful projects, and I've recently been into web design after an intern experience where I had to self-teach a little bit of html. I love the decal culture at Berkeley, and have been involved in many CS and design-related courses. This course have been highly recommended by several friends and I would love to become a part of it. 	web design is widely used and very accessible. Moreover, it combines my love for design and computer science. During a past internship experience, I was exposed to a bit of web design as I created a search engine for a data website, but would love to further my knowledge on useful tools like html and javascript. After this class, I'm also excited to create my personal website to showcase my style and creativity. Finally, I think in this class I will get to know TAs and students who share the same interest with me and work together. 	I know html basics but never used css, javascript.
I'm just a guy trying to learn about the world around me and my role in it. Nothing too glamorous, just a lifelong search for existential meaning :).	Since coming to college, I haven't really been able to pursue my creative interests. As a double stem major my classes have been increasingly computational. Courses like this one allow me to pursue something more creative. I've been interested in web design for a long while now but haven't had the chance to learn more about it. Web design is also a skill that I think is very useful to have. Still, I'm primarily motivated to take this class because I love design and creation. Getting a productive skill out of it is a nice side-benefit!	I have no previous web design experience.
I am an EECS major with a passion in linguistics and attempting to learn as many foreign languages as I can. So far, I’ve skimmed the surface learning Japanese and I’ve dabbled a bit in Polish (just because the language seemed unique). In the CS world, I’m currently trying to figure out which subfields of CS I’m most interested in delving more into. Currently, I’m probably most interested in computer security or AI but this will likely change as there is so much to explore! Outside of my busy classes, I’ve been mildly caught by the boba epidemic of Berkeley, and after a year of tasting boba around Berkeley, I still think the taro boba from Ucafe is one of the best. I also enjoy tasting food around Berkeley (when my wallet allows it), and I think that Bun Bo Hue is better than the overrated Pho at Saigon Express. Overall, outside of eating and studying, I enjoy surfing Youtube for interesting projects and travel videos and Facebook for the massive amount of memes.	I want to take this class because I feel that most of my coding experience comes from creating programs and games in Java or Python, but I have never learned much about how to design something more “artsy” or eye-catching, like web or graphic design. I did attempt to create a website of my own once, but I often found myself clicking ctrl-shift-c on intriguing aspects of other people’s websites in attempt to incorporate them into my own. As a result, I hope that through this class, I can accumulate various skills to make my website appear much more creative and unique. Especially, I want to learn and practice my JavaScript skills, to be able to make the ‘cool’ and fun animations and interactivity on websites that I can be proud of!	I've learned some basics of HTML and CSS. 
I am a committed person, who wishes to learn more about the world. I got into computer science a couple years ago, when I wanted to learn more about how to build a game. This has propelled me to learn couple of languages, including python and java. 	I have always wanted to build a website, either for myself or for a better cause. I firmly believe that it is through a well designed website that one can better communicate with the users. 	
I am a current Interdisciplinary Studies student researching economic crashes. My previous experience includes making websites for Alchanati Campbell and Associates as well as Blockchain at Berkeley. At ACA I used HTML and CSS to create a prototype website for the firm. At B@B I am currently working on two consecutive websites; one, for the club, and another specifically for the design department. We are currently building the main site on wordpress. My role in this project is to design the UX for the site and to create graphics and images for the site's content. For the B@B/Design website, I am working with the B@B design team on the UX for the site as well as the actual code being done in React. By the end of next semester, we hope to have finished both of the sites. My work at B@B also includes graphic design work using InDesign and Illustrator and UI/UX prototyping for Cryptocurrency wallets. As a member of Blockchain at Berkeley's design department and as a free lance designer for Alchanati Campbell and Associates, I feel that I have the prerequisite skills to thrive in the Web Design Decal. 	I would like to take this class to further expand my knowledge of web design languages. I feel fairly competent in HTML and CSS, however, my knowledge of React, Javascript, and Ruby on Rails is lacking. I hope by taking this class that I will be able to deepen my knowledge of HTML and CSS and begin the process of mastering React, JS, and RoR. 	Yes
Hi! I am Shuang, ("爽" in Chinese, meaning open-hearted or feeling happy). I used to have an English name, Stella, but later I found so many Stellas around me. So I thought I must introduce myself as Shuang instead, for the sake of uniqueness. I've been good at calligraphy and painting; I tried sketch, watercolour, old-painting, printmaking. That lays a foundation for my interest in design. I self-learned photoshop and illustrator and turned towards digital art and design. As a CS major, I hope to combine design and CS and build my project. 	After taking the 61 series and cs70 at Cal, I thought I would not have much difficulty working in a real-world setting. However, I found myself stuck at organizing Javascript, css, html code and sometimes write excessive or repetitive code for my project. Although the solid theoretical foundation in school has prepared me for speed learning new programming languages and concepts, I feel that it will best if I can take a course and learn the whole structure of design language. Aspired to become a full-stack engineer, I really hope to be accepted in this course and learn together with my fellow classmates.	I used zeplin, Sketch and React Studio to create a news feed page when I was working in a startup last year. 
To be concise, the most I could tell you about myself is in one sentence: I'm a female, low-income, minority, first-generation student, first-generation immigrant from a 3rd world country, out-of-state, and an intended CS student who (here's the icing on the cake) has to fund her own education without any parental financial support. To elaborate, my circumstances have made it more difficult for me to pursue an already relatively hard to access major such as computer science, than my colleagues who've had more lucrative opportunities (such as taking AP Computer Science or going to expensive bootcamps). Needless to say, I am passionate about the computer science field which has gotten me this far. Taking this class is an opportunity I won't take for granted in order to pursue a field I am genuinely passionate about.	In the future, I hope to start my own business for my ethnic diaspora. Currently there is a severe lack of user-friendly websites in our community which makes it difficult for young consumers such as myself to support business from my people. Many times, I have to look at Facebook pages for our businesses or call the number to place an order, with pictures they text me of the product, rather than browsing an easy to operate website to do my shopping. Our system is catered to the older generation which does not use the internet. So I hope to take this class in order to learn how to build a website which my future consumers, both young and elderly, will find beautiful, user-friendly, and engaging.	I haven't, unfortunately, but I hope to with this class!
I am 22. I like dogs. I am applying for full-time software engineer positions. I enjoy traveling. I advocate to make tech accessible to black/latinx/native communities. I almost always order an iced americano. I am graduating this semester ! I am a photographer. I 	I am entering the software engineering industry, but have always had more fun with the front end. Having an understanding of web-design principles will be extremely helpful. I have plenty of design skills both technical and creatively through working with bare magazine and berkeley innovation, and wanna bring those skills onto the web practices!	I don't have much! Ive used software that helps make a site, like drag and drop, I've looked into the code to try changing things up, but no extensive experience.
My name is Nathan Fong and I am a second-year majoring in L&S CS. I was only introduced to coding in my senior year of high school, but since then I have fallen in love. Before I learned about programming, math and chess were key components of my creative process, but beginning with AP Computer Science and continuing with the CS 61 series, I have really enjoyed this new outlet for my creativity. While I have taken math less seriously, I have continued to focus on chess, participating in tournaments and leading the UC Berkeley Chess Club as co-president. 	Taking this class would be incredibly helpful for my development as a programmer. Learning web design would complement my experience with back-end and would give me insight into a part of industry not showcased in the standard coursework at Berkeley.	I have some experience from a previous internship designing a basic front-end using Ruby on Rails and bootstrap.
Ever since I was a toddler, I was obsessed with building. Whether constructing simple little LEGO cars and trucks or making the most complex spaceships with quadwings and prodigious blasters, as a toddler, I loved inspecting diagrams, locating the proper pieces, and snapping them all into place. I soon moved beyond LEGOs and constructed a variety of architectural pieces. This is where I first encountered my first challenge, creating my own design without someone guiding me on what to build. I’d first examine the architecture of cathedrals in Rome or modern pavilions in California, and then, remembering the spatial relations between their modules, I’d incorporate them in my design, creating a precise assortment of geometric boards and columns that come together in an elegant formation of light and shadow. To make each work aesthetically pleasing and structurally sound, I considered proportion, feasibility, and perspective. Beyond the utilitarian aspects of engineering, I found the emotional power and beauty produced when nature, art, and spirit combine to create a building with a soul. I am a curious individual who is passionate about robotics, space research, and using computer science to analyze social and political issues, but I also realize that design has a large impact on how people perceive certain things and am excited to explore it even more by taking this web design course.	I am currently working on data visualization projects on social and political issues (e.g. analyzing gentrification through creating an interactive color-coded map illustrating the increase of median housing prices from 1990 to 2018 in the different counties that are associated with Silicon Valley). I want to take this web design class so I can have an awesome interface to display my projects and issues that I am passionate about to the world. Additionally, I want to be able to create websites just for fun to share among my friends and family. However, overall, I just want to explore more about the design aspect of websites and how it compares and contrasts to the different aspects of design I’ve encountered in the past in robotics and architecture.	I have some experience with HTML/CSS and only a little experience with Javascript.
I am a 25 year old African-American re-entry, DSPS, first Generation student. I am currently a sophomore and I am extremely new to coding. My major is mathematics and data science. I hope to learn to code and build websites to give back to my community. I am a long time oakland resident. However, I was displaced 5 years ago, and before Berkeley slept in my car. I don’t feel sorry for myself. In the process I learned that the “good” paying jobs required me to have coding skills. So, this year I’ll start learning how to code. I hope to be able to spread my coding and website building skills to people In my community who also need the skills to keep their homes. The Bay Area is thriving in the tech world. I hope to be a part of the evolution of technology, while also giving back to my community. I also loooove watching anime and challenging myself with difficult math problems. 	Like I mentioned before, I hope to use this class to give back to my community. It has been a goal of mine for learn how to build a website , but I have not been able to access the resources. I really hope to use these skills to start a non-profit organization (in the future) teaching underrepresented people in my community, or in general how to code. I would also like to be able to teach other people for little to no cost that’s low-Income how to build a websites of their own. 	I have not. However, I am anxious to learn and If given the opportunity to be a part of this amazing class. I will do everything in my will power to prove I am deserving of being a part of this amazing class. 
My life has been a series of me chasing random, loosely related interests and hobbies. In my senior year of high school I was in AP art, acquired the position of cochair for freshman orientation, was trying to get a pilot program for building optimism in elementary school students off the ground, talked my way into being Mandarin Club president with my limited Chinese speaking skills, all while trying to keep my grades up and not disappoint my parents. In the summer I interned at a television station and traveled with beat reporters to on-site interviews and shadowed post-production on editing and building graphics. Other summers I worked as an assistant gymnastics coach. I’ve never had a clear picture of the type of person I want to grow to be, all I know is that I never want to stop learning and being creative. 	The majority of my art background is in traditional media (focusing on oil painting and pastel) so I’ve never had the opportunity to explore digital media and code-based creation. I have a couple of friends very passionate about CS who have thoroughly promoted the artistry in programing. In an increasingly digital world, I am interested in taking my skills in design to the next level and dive into a completely new medium.  	None
I'm an urban studies major, which is composed of taking city planning and policy classes, and I'm passionate about using product design and technology for good. I really like to work with my hands in my free time! Right now I own 5 cookbooks that I've been trying to work through this year, and I'm always trying to get better at decorating cakes. I've also recently taken up climbing and illustrating. Fun fact about me: Denny's is my all-time favorite restaurant. (One time I ate at Denny's for two weeks straight when I was writing my college essays in high school. While I highly regret that experience, it makes for an interesting story.)	As a designer, I enjoy using development as a means to inform my work. While my coding background is in iOS development, I've found that it's important to understand the basics of web development because web products are generally more available and accessible to users. Currently I have a limited knowledge of web development and no experience in backend development; by taking this course, I hope to learn how to create my own website and to also find important web resources to continue in growing out my knowledge.  In the past, I've learned that I also tend to thrive when I'm surrounded by creative peers. It'd be awesome to meet other students who are just as enthusiastic about learning how to make websites.	Yes, I've hosted a simple website using basic html and css. 
This is my last semester at UC Berkeley. This will be my third time applying to this decal because I am extremely motivated to learn more about web design. I am a Mexican-American woman,  first-generation, low-income transfer student. As a transfer student, I felt immense pressure to get into a good school to lead my family toward a better life, that I did not explore my interests in community college. However, here at UC Berkeley, there have been several decals that allowed me to learn about design in Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop.In addition, I have sought out and learned HTML and CSS to better equip myself with the tools to learn web design. I know I am late to the party, but I did not have the opportunity to learn these skills in high school coming from a low-income community. Which is why throughout my time at Berkeley, I have sought out these DeCals to learn these tools in a classroom environment, but taught by students. I found myself becoming more and more interested in computer science and design, but found little opportunity to explore and learn, until this class. 	Before transferring to UC Berkeley in Fall 2017, I did not have access to Adobe Creative Cloud, or programs to familiarize myself with HTML, CSS, Java, or Ruby. DeCals like this one is especially important to me because it grants me the opportunity to learn more about web design by students in a classroom environment. I have a growing interest in computer science, and have spent almost 2 years learning and practicing on Illustrator and Photoshop, and have even incorporated learning these passions in my Media Studies projects focusing on the power of collective knowledge. I want to take this class because I want to dive deeper into my newfound passions. Additionally, I would like to use this class as the stem of future endeavors. I am considering going back to my community college to obtain an associates degree in computer science/web design. However, I am looking forward to this class to drive my motivation further and explore these passions and/or career path. 	No previous experience, but I am enthusiastic to learn! 
Hi! I’m Sam and I’m currently a second semester senior (woo!). I’m studying cognitive science with a concentration in CS. It’s a bittersweet feeling that college is coming to an end and I’m trying my best to branch out during this last semester of undergrad. In this past year I’ve tried to do things I’ve never done before, e.g. flew on a plane, went out of state, joined a dance team, and more! Along with trying these new things, I just enjoy learning new things, too. I’ve picked up reading a different book every week since the year started and it’s definitely something I hope I can stick with for the rest of the year (or life??). I also didn’t start focusing on computer science until my sophomore year of college so it’s been a whirlwind of fun (and a little bit of stress) to learn all that there is to it. With my internship this past summer, I was allowed to delve into many projects that exposed me to all that programming can do! I had a blast and it continues to inspire me to keep learning more languages and work on new projects. 	A few months back I began working on Berkeley's School of Public Health's LOHP website. While working on it, I found the design to be bland and have since been working on improving it with my limited knowledge of HTML and CSS. My boss has said if I want to potentially build a brand new website with a better design and structure then I am free to do so, and per the advice of friends, have been told using JavaScript frameworks would be a great way to go about doing as such. I hope that with this decal I can learn the basics of web design with the goal of building a beautiful website with the intricacies I know web design can provide. Along with this, as I mentioned before, I interned this summer at Intel as an Automation Engineer. It was a fantastic experience, primarily because of the variety of projects I was given to work on. One project in particular dealt with building an app that could retrieve/integrate scripts into user environments. While I had prior experience with backend work, I knew close to nothing about web design and, as a result, the finished product did not look as visually appealing as I would’ve liked. I hope that with this decal, I can be exposed to the amazing knowledge of others and really learn what web design entails.	I've dabbled with HTML and CSS for both my work-study job and during my internship, but did not deal with it much
I am a current sophomore studying computer science at UC Berkeley. I was born and raised here in the Bay Area to immigrant parents; my mother is from Indonesia and my father is from Mauritius. When I was born, I was born premature along with my twin brother, weighing only around 3 pounds. For the first few months of my life, I was incubated and fed through a tube, as I did not know how to suck, eat, or cry. Thanks to this technology, I am the healthy and fully developed person I am today. Along with my twin brother, I have a twin sister whom most people ironically think is my twin (we look more alike). Growing up, I had an interest in STEM. Early on, I felt I wanted to be a scientist of some sort. Later on, this changed to a desire to become an astronaut. In terms of my CS journey, however, I wasn’t always sure due to a lack of resources to properly study it, but this came into focus coming to Berkeley where I decided to finally pursue it and am glad that I did. Aside from learning, I like to bake, paint, and dabble in photography/video editing. I generally love aesthetic things. I love avocados and noodle soup and I have several pets: an American cocker spaniel, two budgies, and many fish.	I want to take this class firstly because it is offered (this is great!). It's not everyday that you get an opportunity to learn about Web Design. You could learn it by yourself, but that's no fun. I prefer a community of peers which I could learn and grow with. Secondly, I want to challenge my creative thinking. I used to do a bit of art in high school; however, after coming to Berkeley, I haven't gotten many opportunities to do so. I think this course is a great way to intersect art and technology. Through this course, I'd get to learn about design, and I think that's great! Thirdly, I want to experience the ways in which mere code can generate something appealing and useful, such as a website. We work hands-on with such things everyday, and learning how to create websites from scratch is similar to baking a cake or creating an artwork from scratch. It not only gets our imagination working but also challenges us to think about the experience of others using our creation. I would very much like to take part in this process.	No, I haven't.
Hello!  I'm from the Bay Area, so I've been in California my whole life. I post memes on the Meme page occasionally. In my free time, I play video games, code, watch Black Mirror, sew, and swim. I'm also looking into scuba diving later this semester. 	I just declared CS, and I want to try and focus on what I enjoy developing, and I want to try web development to see if it's something I want to dig deeper into. I've taken a few online courses, but they have all been very basic and uninteresting. I'm hoping this class will help form a more concrete picture on what front end web development is like.	
Hi there! My name is Hoang. I'm actually a transfer student majoring in chemistry and this is my last year at Cal. The majority classes that I'm taking are chemistry and physics classes. Thus, you can tell that I have no interests in biochem fields. My concentration mostly focus on physical chemistry where you can apply the knowledge to improve better material science or just create a better spectroscopy machine for chemistry. I love outdoor activities, especially running, hiking, and camping. Every year, I try to arrange my schedule in such a way that I and my closed friends can go camping at Yosemite no matter how many times we have been there. I am no different than a normal person: enjoying pop music and EDM; but I don't rave. I had been at the EDM concert, but I think I love the dance music there more than just taking the "candy" to get high LOL.	First of all, I want to say that I want to be in your class not because I need unit but I have a dream to create a website for my future students. I have more than enough unit to be a full time student. Before I transferred, I had an organic chem teacher who had all notes and recordings posted on his website. This is his website: http://nebula2.deanza.edu/~gray/index.html            It was such a beautiful website that you can see all the chemistry stuff (beakers, colors of mixtures, etc.) laying around on the screen. Every time I go to his website, it's weird to say this but it kinda gives me motivations to gain more chemistry knowledge and keep me on track. I want to go to graduate school to be like him, to teach the next generation chasing chemistry. I hope that if I can create a website to upload my lecture and recordings, that will be awesome for those students who cannot make it to class. I also plans to post pictures of all the chemistry experiments I run at Cal on a website that I can create as a memories I have a Cal.  	No this is my first time ever
I am a senior studying economics. I was a transfer student from community college and am a first-generation college student. The immediate transition from community college to Cal wasn't easy for me, but eventually, I learned to balance things, and am very happy to be here. I have lived in the Bay Area my entire life, but I hope to move away to experience living elsewhere after graduation. I love to travel and am currently learning Arabic and would like to begin learning Spanish as well. In my free time, I enjoy exploring the Bay Area, since despite growing up here, there are always new places to go and new things to do. I also love to cook, especially with vegetables. I like to spend evenings trying new recipes, or seeing what I can create with whatever is leftover in my fridge. Overall, I have really enjoyed my experience at Berkeley and am trying to get as much out of it as I can in the little time I have left. 	I wasn't able to fit this course into my schedule last semester, but should definitely have the time for it this spring and feel it would be an incredibly beneficial experience. As a senior, I am trying to expand my skill set as much as possible through all of Berkeley's resources before graduation. I think having a proficient understanding of how to build a website, even if it is not something that I immediately need professionally, will be very useful to me. I hope to start my own business in the future, after gaining more work experience. In the world we live in today having a good website is a necessity for practically any business. Having a solid understanding of where to start with this would be great. My mother currently runs a small business and learned a lot about how to make a nice website online, but I saw how difficult it was for her to do, so I feel that the chance to take an in-person class is very valuable. It would be great if I learn techniques that might help my mom in her work as well. 	I do not have prior experience in web design.
Hi, I’m Chloe and a junior born and raised in San Francisco, CA! I’m extremely curious about the world and have endless questions on my mind. I love traveling and exploring new cultures, foods, and landmarks (in addition to taking in stunning sceneries/landscapes).  I also enjoy biking, procrastinating with tv/variety shows or dramas, playing video games, and occasionally going to the RSF.  Besides appreciating sleep, I’m always available to lend a listening ear no matter what time of day or night, since I’m up late anyway.  A conversation with me can literally be about anything or just about everything.   Interesting facts about me: I can for the most part guess what someone's birth month is after a few interactions. I'm the only one in my family that has a lot freckles and does not where glasses. My favorite animal is a dog, especially a Pomeranian because I feel that it is always smiling. I absolutely love holidays and may be too festive, where for Christmas I am literally "Santa" for my family no matter if I am the youngest. I also have the same birthday as my brother who is exactly four years older.  I am really passionate about wanting to efficiently contribute my knowledge/skills and building onto my professional career. In addition, I am thriven to learn and improve new skills for the future, in which WDD can aid in that journey. I believe being able to have hands on experience in industry and developing/researching is a nice branch outside and away from for example, class projects.  Also, finding a community or even just interacting with other individuals of varying majors/backgrounds/experience is nice in the case of broadening my perspective and community in general. 	I want to take this class for three reasons (future, clubs/skill, society) in which I will expand below. I am highly interested in being a web developer or working in front end in the near future. As the computer science classes progressed every semester and shadowing a few engineers, I soon learned that back end material is simply not for me. What I like about being a web developer or front end material as a whole is the creativity and visuals behind it.   If not for a profession, it would be a nice skill to have a personal website made by myself and not from other websites/web development platform where one simply drags and drops tools. I want to have a finished and accomplished website/project created by the end of the semester. Most importantly, I want to be proud of my work.  I've used Adobe illustrator and photoshop for about a year or so, but something is still missing. I want to develop a creative side in me that can be made through outlets on the computers  Also, simply seeing a nice or visually aesthetic website is very interesting in the idea of getting viewers attention or interaction across a website. Wether that be components of color, structure, images, font, etc. The variations and creativity are endless.  I found out about this decal many semesters ago, but every semester the class simply did not fit in my schedule. 	I have attended a few workshops on html, but the skills and language have long been forgotten and not finished product was created.
I’m an easy going transfer student from south California. I absolutely love cats. I have a free roaming bunny along with two cats that get along oddly well! I love taking photos of my pets so I have an Instagram for my pets as a hobby. 	I’d love to learn the step by step process of creating websites. I’ve always believed that despite how easy and simple websites may appear to be, every single detail must’ve taken a great deal of thought and consideration. I’d love to walk through these processes and educate myself on this fun form of art! 	I had a little bit of experience during high school but I do not recall anything. 
Hi I'm Greg! I'm ambitious to learn, passionate in pursuing my interests, and ultimately, excited to live life. I take every single assignment and project seriously and put in ALL my effort – no matter how trivial it may be. I believe that motivation doesn't lead to success unless it is also paired with hard work. Once I put my mind on my particular goal, I take the necessary steps to achieve that goal, even if ti takes long than I expected. I enjoy meeting new people with similar interests to me and keeping close to those who are passionate and driven in the things they love to do. These people inspire me to work even harder in everything I do. I enjoy working out and going on food adventures in SF! Eager, adventurous, and passionate; that's me in a nutshell!	I wish to take this class because this class offers me a new skill – web design. As an Econ major, I don't want to just be a boring banker that only knows how to use Excel, but rather try to find the beauty in technology (I really don't wanna be an Excel monkey for the rest of my life). Please save me from the my boring future of being a banker by filling my college years learning something cool that is applicable to an industry that has nothing to do with finance.	none whatsoever
I am an underrepresented woman of color and Bay Area native. I am currently majoring in Cognitive Sciences and hope to minor in computer science. I am always excited about my classes at Berkeley because they teach me all I ever wanted to know and more. As a second year I am flourishing as a student and wish to broaden my horizons by constantly challenging myself. I have demonstrated my leadership abilities by organizing a group to build a website, being vice president and cofounder of an organization on campus, and being a supervisor at a private golf club over the summer. I am really motivated to always follow through with any goals that I make by managing my time well and not neglecting my well being. I am overall a joyous person and am really excited for this semester. 	I want to take this class because I have an interest in front end design in computer science. I have multiple ideas in mind about projects I would like to execute, but have found it difficult to not only find but truly understand the appropriate resources online. I have attended workshops but have not received the appropriate attention to get all my questions answered. I feel as though this class will provide me with the resources I need to execute my goals and will also challenge me to come up with new ideas. As a cognitive science major and computer science minor, I find that my courses focus mainly on backend code rather than design. I would love to take this class to see my ideas come to life, to gain experience, and to improve my skills as a developer. 	Some experience! I collaborated on a website and entered at the CS61A project fair las semester. I mostly focused on HTML and CSS display to create a search bar, a drop down menu, and all the other page displays including links and buttons
Hi there! Feel free to call me Steph for short! My roots are in the 626 area ( in Los Angeles County), where boba, hot pot, etc. is excessive and delicious! I’m a huge fan of Marvel Cinematic Universe and I can’t get enough of Groot from Guardians of the Galaxy. I love watching movies on my own and with friends, but I can only watch horror movies with friends, and after I shower. You never know what could be around you when your eyes are closed…  On my free time, I enjoy going on adventures! The beach and the mountains are usually places where I feel the most relaxed. I’m all about scenic views, wholesome or wild hangouts, and I love deep talks! I’m the kind of person who loves to be spontaneous when it comes to having fun, but I am also the kind who can plan everything down to the very nitty-gritty details! I consider myself someone who enjoys planning excessively for the future, reflecting nostalgically on the past, and living to the fullest at the moment! I am passionate about vlogging, design, UX/UI, photography, and traveling. I am most fulfilled when I can make the experience of a person or group better. To elaborate, that would mean planning events that bring people together, working on projects and developing solutions for digital products, or simply just being an emotional support for a friend.  	Ever since I started my own personal blog page, I have been very curious about web design. I have come across tips and tricks on how to build a website that can be easily navigated by users but would love to learn more about how to design one from scratch! I’ve enjoyed using templates and styles that Wix and Squarespace have provided, but I would love to learn some code to really see an original design come to life! I have attempted to design and redesign my personal blog and portfolio many times and with each attempt, I’ve struggled with the desire to start completely from scratch, without the help of a website builder. I am hoping to learn HTML/CSS and other codes through this decal because my attempts to learn on my own have been difficult. I eventually want to design for companies, and after doing some research, I have realized how useful learning some code can be for the type of projects that are available for interns. Classes related to Computer Science in my high school were not provided due to lack of educational funds, which is why I’d like to take advantage of the introductory courses that are available at Cal. I am hoping to put to practice what I learn in this DeCal on my personal projects and future career work!	I have had some experience with Wix and Squarespace, but I have never designed with code. 
I was born and raised in Nigeria. I lived there for 15 years before moving to the United States three years ago. Moving to the United States has opened up me up to a lot of opportunities and experiences. There are certain things I do now that I don’t think I would have been able to do in Nigeria. One of them is photography. In Highschool, I went on a trip with my friend and that’s when I started developing my passion for photography. I won an award for one of the pictures I took on that trip and that’s where it all began. I bought a camera first semester in college and I have been passionately pursuing photography since then. I was a photographer for the club called FAST (Fashion and Students Trends) at Cal. I also take pictures once in a while for the church group I am part of. I also played rugby for the first time in America, I started learning how to play basketball, started learning computer software like Photoshop and many other things. In all of these new things I ventured in coming to America, the creative experiences are the ones that I’ve stuck with and enjoyed so well. I consider myself to be a creative person and I like expanding the range of creative things I can do. I also love dancing and playing basketball in my free time.	Design has influenced technology since the beginning and the way they intersect with each other fascinates me a lot. The more we move into the future, everything looks more aesthetically pleasing. The design of cars has evolved from basic shapes to advanced forms with better colors. Websites have evolved from just having blocks with letters to better-looking ones with the ability to scroll downwards or sideways. Colors are used more wisely and are one of the biggest parts of creating a better user interface improving the user experience. I wanted to become an Architecture major because of my passion for design, but recently my interest has changed. I am pursuing a career in Product Design and UI/UX. I want to design things that are people centered, so I have decided to switch my major to Cognitive Science where I can learn a lot of things that will help me understand people. Architecture isn’t a bad major for this career goal but it’s hard to find time to learn the skills needed for that career path because of the strenuous amount of studio time that it requires. Also, Berkeley doesn’t have a specific major for that career path, so you have to learn some of the skills on your own. Some of the skills are taught in the Web Design Decal and that’s why I am interested in taking this class. I want to learn HTML, CSS, Javascript and everything that would help me be a better User Interface designer.	Unfortunately, no, I do not have any web design experience. I have only used templates on adobe portfolio.
I'm intended CS major (transfer student). I'm originally from Egypt but I migrated to the US in 2012 after the Arab Spring. I started learning English when I was 20. I worked in McDonalds then Starbucks then a Math Tutor. 	I always wanted to learn how to make websites but never had time/chance. I also want to create a website for my portfolio and side projects. 	Nope
I am a freshman and am an intended computer science major. I come from Alamo, CA which is a quick 20-30 minute drive from campus (but I still live in the dorms because I wanted the full “freshman experience”). I am the oldest of three girls in my family. I have also been playing soccer since I was 6 years old, so even though I did not end up going to college for the sport, I instead tried the women’s club soccer team here at Berkeley and I am loving it. Over the summer in high school I took classes at Berkeley that were intros to computer science, and I also interned for Zoho where I helped develop extensions for their bestselling CRM. I am a very creative, determined, and intelligent individual, and as a computer science major, I am always looking for classes that can further my education in the field.	When I saw the description for this class on the Decal website, I was so intrigued by the topics that are covered in this course. I am on the web all the time, as is most everyone else. I want to take this class because I think it would be so cool to learn to design something that can be used in not only my everyday life, but also the everyday life of those around me. I also have always wanted to learn HTML and Javascript, as it seems that it is often a prerequisite to know the languages for computer science internships, but I could never get myself to spend the time to learn them. Taking this class would be an educational, yet fun way for me to finally learn the basics of these languages and how to apply them.	I have no prior web design experience.
I'm a senior CS major in my final semester at berkeley. I love webcomics and video games.	I still have little experience with designing a website, and would love to learn to make one for myself, as an art portfolio or otherwise.	I've made my smackjeeves page with a ton of guides, at legendsofanusia.smackjeeves.com . I had a lot of trouble with the CSS and would love to have a better understanding of it.
I am a 4th year transfer student from Ventura (Southern California) and the only thing I love more than being creative is surfing! Other things I enjoy include: reading, photography, swimming, not working jobs I dislike, farm animals, and surfboard design. There is only so much a guy can say to tell about himself. I think I am generally a good, accepting, loving human; but this information does not seem like the kind that is being asked for. I could tell about my upbringing and family life but this too seems to be something other than what is being asked. Perhaps a 250-word list of the things I like might be more appropriate--this feels to be closest to what is being asked. Such a list, however, would tell the reader what I like, and while this might give said reader insights into the kind of person I am, it would not shed light on who I am in the most explicit fashion. This internal debate about what information to share says a lot about myself--more than I might be able to share using other avenues of writing. 	My reason for wanting to take this class ties in nicely to the kind of person I am. I do not like jobs--they take up too much time and are too much of a commitment for very little reward. Being creative is one kind of thing that can both be a job and not feel like a job because of how much fun you're having while doing it. I want to take this class to build my foundation in web design so that one day I will be able to exchange my web design skills (which I enjoy using because of the creative nature of the task) for money. Using this strategy, I will not feel like I am working but I will be making some money for food, shelter, and surfboards! Also, I have wanted to make my own website to showcase my photography, videos, philosophical writing, and things of this nature fro quite some time. I have managed to postpone this goal until my final semester at Cal--go me! Any who, I would take this course very seriously and hope I will be considered! 	Very little to no experience--some on wordpress.
My name is Siddartha Sen. I consider myself as a true Piscean, and thus a rather emotional guy. So, you will usually hear me laugh loudly and be very optimistic when I am having a fantastic day. On the other hand, I am quiet and distant on a more cloudy day. Regardless of how my day is going, I always make an effort to be an approachable and helpful person.   I am a visual thinker: I prefer seeing infographics and visual demonstrations to effectively learn. The best way I tackle problems is through conversing with peers and letting my ideas develop until I have come to a viable solution. I thrive in an open environment built upon trust and mutual respect, where criticism is constructive. That way, other people can help me recognize issues and vice versa.   Living my life with structure and balance is important to me, and I think this carries into my style of graphic design. I find symmetrical and geometric designs very appealing; however, I am an open-minded individual, and I like to explore other designs to further develop my own style.   In my free time, I take circuit training classes in the RSF or just hang out with friends. I like collecting scarves and wearing New Balance shoes. I am also an avid esports follower, primarily for League of Legends. I am a curious guy, and I want to try out many new things before my time in college ends.  	The main takeaways from this class are the technical skills I will gain to build a website. On the WDD website, I was fascinated by the 12 week change of simple text into an elegant web page. Inspired by this transformation, I am eager to create my own work from ground-up, rather than resorting to “drag-and-drop” website building platforms. I expect to expand my view on design and gain exposure to new styles from my peers and teachers. I believe that web design is an expression of one’s art and personality, and I hope to learn to express my own style successfully.   Building my own website would greatly add to my overall profile. Whereas a LinkedIn exhibits experience and accolades, a personal website goes beyond and showcases personality. After viewing the teaching staffs’ websites, I could see they were a lot more than a fancy resume. From Brenda Zheng’s unique Mac OS-themed website to the engaging geometric shapes in mylesdomingo.com, each element of the website was carefully crafted to reflect the creator’s identity. Looking at these websites made me contemplate what designs I would want to integrate into my own web page.   Most importantly, this decal genuinely seems fun. From reading the teaching staff biographies, I can sense the enthusiasm and a willingness to help students learn. As a result, I will not be looking at assignments as a drag to complete but as a helping hand to get me one step closer to making my own website.  	No
Hello hello! My name is Elly Lee and I’m currently a Sophomore intending to study business and political economy. I am from the sunny suburbs of Oak Park, California (which is between Malibu and LA).   Career wise, I am really interested in marketing and consulting. After college, I hope to work for non-profits to improve educational opportunities in impoverished communities. Already, I have been involved in Berkeley ABA, Oases, The Berkeley Project, and the Undergraduate Marketing Association.   However, in my free time, I love to hike, take photos and videos, dabble in design, read, and to eat desserts. I love to spend time with my friends and family, whether it be through watching movies or going on adventures.	Given both my passions for creativity and interest for business, I believe that having technical skills in web design would be very useful for my future and personal development. From my previous experience (very little and long ago), I recall enjoying web design. Through this decal, I would love to see if it is something that I would like to continue to do in the future.	I took a web design class in summer school when I was in ninth grade and made a website about cupcakes (but to be honest, I don't remember anything).
My name is Maho Hirano and I am currently enrolled in UC Berkeley through a study abroad program, as a junior majoring in economics. In my home university in Japan, I study international politics and economics and took one introductory class on C++. I actively try to learn new things out of my field and took some classes on law, queer, astronomy, cognitive science, computer science, venture capitals etc. I was interested in understanding the overview of computer languages that my mentor at my work place taught me how to use the very fundamentals of several languages such as HTML, CSS, Java, and Ruby on Rails through Github. Some of my long term hobbies have been tap dancing, movie watching, marathon, reading, hiking, and photography. I have been actively been practicing skills on photography and eventually would like to make that my side job in which I can convey strong messages through photography. I also started mandala designing as a hobby and been working on new designs whenever I have the time. I have been tap dancing since I was 3 and I have choreographed several tap dancing numbers in the past in which we made a live performance. I implemented this specific type of tap dancing in which you incorporate hip hop and jazz dancing as well.  	I have been studying international political science and economics but last year I came to realize that interdisciplinary studies in both humanities and STEM is crucial if I would like to generate change and create something original and start something from 0 to 1 on my own without the benefits of a big company etc. Through acquiring web design I would like to build a foundation where I can promote myself and my interests that I have cultivated over the years such as cross national comparisons including Japan, coffee, Mandala design, or photography. I am also thinking of eventually setting up a business of my own and with the crucial knowledge of web design today, I believe that it will definitely strengthen my chances of being able to reach out to more people. On the other hand, I simply have been wanting to learn how to web design for a while and although my friend helped me study a little, I was not able to acquire skills to the point in which I could independently make a web on my own. Furthermore, since the web has become the center of everything, understanding modern trends and philosophies will definitely help me grow skillsets in business as well.  Thank you for your consideration, hope to hear from you soon!	I did imitated coding to create a simple web application.
I'm an international student from Taiwan, and I have a super cute toy poodle named Summer. I watch anime and is sort of a hardcore volleyball player (despite my height 😭).	Building stuff and actually seeing what you built always gives me a great sense of accomplishment. Coding all night through coffee and energy drinks and finally see the code run without bug is the most satisfying moments I could remember in Cal. In addition, I believe it is especially important for math nerds like myself to have some training in aesthetics and user experience because, in the end, it's the design that sells. Where do you find all 3 goodies in one course? Web Design!	I have some experience playing with HTML and CSS for layouts and simple style on my own. 
Writer, photographer, INFJ, Harry Potter fanatic (a Hufflepuff!). These are just a few words/phrases that describe who I am. I’m a freshman planning to major in Sociology and Political Economy because I want to study the historical, political, and social aspects of society and economy on both a national and global scale. I was born and raised in the Bay Area, specifically in Castro Valley. I write for and manage the social media accounts of the Weekender section of The Daily Cal. I’m also part of two other clubs, Undergraduate Women in Economics and the Undergraduate Communications Association. Some of my hobbies include writing poetry/blogging, hanging out and exploring new places in SF, reading sociology books/novels about identity and culture, and spending quality time with friends, family, and my pet maltipoo. 	Blogging has always been a favorite hobby of mine, but lately I’ve become aware of the limitation of my web design skills in that I am completely lacking in the more technical aspects of it. I’d like to learn more about programming languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in the hopes that it’ll help me better understand how to maintain my own blogs and possibly even create a website of my own someday.   Since taking a beginner’s graphic design class in high school, I’ve fallen in love with this form of art. I’m not a great artist by hand, but there’s just something so pleasing to me about using Photoshop or Illustrator to enhance photos or create new graphics from scratch. I want to expand my knowledge of design with this DeCal course, specifically by learning more about typography and color schemes.     I’m also considering pursuing a career in the field of communications one day, such as marketing. The few experiences I’ve had with digital marketing so far has taught me that programming is a useful skill wherever you go. Since part of digital marketing includes developing/maintaining websites, I think it’d be helpful for me to learn as much as I can about programming to prepare for this career path. And even if I don’t end up going into marketing/using any programming knowledge, it’d still be great to have had the opportunity to learn something new :) 	I haven’t had any exposure to coding or any of the other more technical aspects of web design, but I have taken graphic design classes in the past and have developed several blogs of my own. In past graphic design classes, I’ve learned to use different Adobe programs and design techniques. I’ve created and maintained blogs (a graphic design blog, a photography blog, and a creative writing blog) on platforms such as Wix and Wordpress for several years now. 
My name is Shirsha. I like photography, technology, and cooking! I have a husky. I'm majoring in Cog Sci and minoring in CS. 	I recently took CS160 and I realized I want a future career in design. I've been frantically looking at opportunities to get involved in campus with design-related activities and this decal looks like something I would love to do and learn a lot from. I need help making a portfolio so this decal would be really important and helpful. 	I built a very simple web browser during my internship but it didnt really incorporate any design principles or heuristics. 
Hello! Nice to meet you, my name is Jessica. I was born and raised in San Francisco, and am currently a senior majoring in microbiology with hopes of pursuing a career in dentistry. During my free time, I enjoy doing jigsaw puzzles, graphic design, ceramics, hiking, and exploring new food places. I am eager to broaden my knowledge and develop new skills that can hopefully lead me to finding new passions! 	As a transfer student, my goal is to make the most out of my 2 years here at Berkeley. There are a lot of fascinating courses that I am interested in taking, but they either cause conflict in my schedule or I unfortunately don’t have the time to take them. I am particularly interested in this web design decal because it would be my first introduction to coding—a topic that I am absolutely unfamiliar with, but eager to learn about. I would love to know how to build my own personal website as a form of communication to share my experiences, showcase my artwork, and to hopefully connect with like-minded individuals! I want to take this class because it would allow me to dip my toes into web programming with the benefits of having a smaller class size and greater support from both my peers and the Teaching staff. I am so excited to learn from you all, and I look forward to exploring my creativity in web design :-)	No experience (does Myspace count?)
I am a 20 years old "adult" from San Pablo, CA which is around the Bay Area. Growing up, I found comfort on the internet and spent many hours of my youth on youtube, tumblr, club penguin, bulbapedia and mangareader (I still do). I am a huge nerd for cartoons, anime, manga, and kpop which are major influences on my creativity. I love stories that make me feel like my heart will burst into feels. I have watched Spiderman: Into the Spider-Verse twice because it was such a visual treat. Although I am not pursuing education related to design, art, or technology, I continue to draw as a hobby and hope to grow more as a digital artist.  Besides my internet life, in the physical world, I am committed to social justice work. I am an urban studies major and an Asian American studies minor because I want to research, preserve, and support ethnic spaces. My family frequented Oakland's Chinatown and San Jose's Little Saigon, and these visits had a large impact on how I formed and gained confidence in my culturally-mixed identity. These neighborhoods are under the threat of gentrification, therefore I want to learn more about how to combat such issues. I am an advocate for equity in all forms and hope to pursue a career that is rooted in social justice, whether that is in health, city planning, or design. I currently do work related to youth mentorship and empowerment and I love it!	I want to take this class because I believe that web design will be a practical skill that I can use in the future for any career that I choose to pursue. I admit, being an urban studies major, I am anxious about what type of work I will be able to go into. My prospects are most likely non-profit or government jobs. From my experience in looking at websites for some cities (ie. San Pablo), or organizations, they are often poorly designed or not updated. I believe that learning web design will be very important in any of the future work that I do in order to reach the audience that the city, government, or organization wants to serve. I want to be able to offer web design as a skill when I apply to jobs.  I am also interested in this class because I want to learn more about accessible design. With technology and the internet becoming involved for various services (ie. DMV appointments, health insurance sign ups), immigrants and seniors that are unfamiliar with technology may struggle to access these services. I think taking the web design decal will help me develop an understanding of what is accessible and effective to communicate to all types of people.	I used to copy and paste css and html code onto my neopets home page in 5th grade.
My name is Alice Yang and I am a second year master student from school of information. I worked as a product manager before entering Berkeley and now switching my career focus into software engineering. I worked as a software engineer intern last summer and plan to work full time as a developer. 	I applied this class last year but didn't get in. Since this is my last semester at Berkeley, I really hope to take this class and combine my back-end development experience(the class I took at my department) with front-end design skill to build interesting web application.  	I have taken full stack web development from school of information but the class focuses more on the back-end and database development. Therefore I would like to have more hands-on experience in front-end design. 
I am a spring junior transfer hoping to declare L&S CS. I have previous experience with C and Java from community college. I only recently discovered that I was interested in computer science, but have always loved anything tech related. I am curious, motivated, and hard working. I also like to collaborate with others. I used to work as a math tutor for elementary and middle school students, which helped me to develop my love for teaching and helping others learn.	I was always very curious about web design. I notice when websites such as Youtube changes their UI a bit and find some of their design choices fascinating. Most recently, Youtube allowed users to scroll down during full screen mode. I am hoping to learn the philosophy of what makes for good web design, as well as to learn some technical tools that a beginner could make use of. One day, I hope to be able to build a website for my parents' small business.	xanga back in the day if that counts.
A lot of what I believe is telling about me as a person is my constant desire to create. I believe that in a lot of what I do, I put a lot of analytical, conscious effort in calculations, number crunching, and just “grinding things out”—which leaves me hungry to be able to express my creative side in the things that I do. That is why I always strive to leave my creative mark on the things that I do—it helps me enjoy what I am working on more as well as cuts away from the tenseness of everything. Whether it be in the form of making sure my slide decks are nicely color coordinated or promotional videos always have a knack of being satisfyingly timed, I believe I make the effort into finding small things I can have fun with and show a more playful side of me. I am desperate to create and want something that will let me tap into the side of the brain that I feel I underutilize in most of my career.	I hope my excitement at applying for WDD is conveyed on paper even a fraction as much as I am excited about it in person! I was first introduced to the complex world of computer science taking DATA 8 and its connector course UGBA 96 and ever since, I have been captivated by the different applications of languages and code to build powerful programs and more so—the websites that support them. I believe that WDD is the perfect entity that will not only serve to be a stepping stone in the series of classes I take to further my academic career but even more so as a challenge for me that will definitely force me to constantly be improving and learning. Along with this, my current disposition as a freshman at Cal makes me immensely hungry for a rigorous experience and a strong desire to impress—both things I believe this DeCal will allow me to show.	Nope!
I'm a passionate designer and storyteller from the Bay Area looking to use business to create an impact. I'm searching for that impact but right now I have visions of creating resources and opportunities in design for kids in the Bay, among my other career aspirations.   I am constantly inspired by creativity, authenticity, and community and try to incorporate these elements into my life. I surf Dribbble on a regular basis, and my creative inspirations span a wide range, including graphic designer BossLogic, NBA designer Tyson Beck, Pixar films, Bleacher Report's creative projects, Eminem, and more. Marshawyn Lynch is someone I look up to for his authenticity and devotion to his community. I once had the opportunity to meet him when I was working at IB's and he was hosting an event, only to find out I'd be out of town that week.  I'm trying to build up the good habit of reading every day, and am currently reading "Shoe Dog," which is a memoir by Phil Knight, the founder of Nike. Currently I'm reading about the part of his life where the team just came up with the name Nike reluctantly after not having any better options. For some reason irony has always been an element I've enjoyed in books and entertainment.   Sarcasm is another trait I find particularly amusing. Most of my favorite fictional characters (Jack Sparrow, Tony Stark, Rick Sanchez, all the Guardians of the Galaxy) thrive off sarcasm. However, I genuinely hope you've enjoyed my self-reflection.	As a graphic designer I'm drawn to the design elements that make up a good web page. I've seen personal portfolios, creative agency sites, and sports news sites that've grabbed my attention and held it against my will. I've also stumbled upon shoddy design and outdated interfaces I found downright repulsive. Web design is an aspect I've wanted to add to my tool belt and hopefully after this class I'll be able to stay clear of the repulsive category of web design.  Web design is a creative art in of itself, and I've admired the holistic process encompassing art and technology. I've had some previous experience stumbling through CS classes at Cal, but learning HTML and CSS for web design would be a great application of coding skills. Even though I've been an artist all my life, I've always admired the detail and work those in the STEM fields put into their work, and I'd love to learn some for myself. Hopefully with both design and technical skills I'll be able to monopolize the entire workforce by myself (kidding). But I would love to have web design on my resume and have it not be only half-true.   Overall I have a passion to learn the skills that go into creating such wondrous websites, and believe it'll be a great tool to have in today's workforce. I also promise not to use it for evil.	No
I am a huge advocate for working in organized spaces (KonMari method is great!). I believe that being in a clean surrounding can help you declutter your mind and raise your productivity. While working for a nonprofit, I realized that this also translates into websites. Having an organized and clean website/interface can bring about a significant change for an organization. My obsession(?) with the simple lifestyle is also reflected in the way I dress, the way I take photos, and the way I like to organize my notes.  	A soon-to-be graduating senior, I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do in the future! I love the idea of design and am hoping to work in the creative field. I'm hoping that this class will equip me with skills that I can use to translate the ideas in my head into a real product. 	I've had experience designing websites on Wordpress for nonprofit organizations.
Well, I am 21 years old and a French exchange student. I am graduating in Spring (if everything go well). I am currently doing a business bachelor, but when I go back home I plan on changing path and opting for a Master in humanitarian studies (still looking what exactly). I love to read and listen to music and even though I am a red-head, I do have a soul... Or at least I think I do...	Like I said I'm interested in humanitarian work and sometimes we will have to make campaigns and promote our project. for that a website would be useful, so it would be a big plus for me to have one. I would also love to have my own organization one day and a website would also be a must seeing how nowadays you do everything from your computer.	none
A senior undergraduate student at Cal. I took iOS decal last semester and found that I like to learn some programming skills and framework which are used in the real world. I also want to utilize what I learn the class to build my personal project and hope my project will be something useful instead of coding practice.	One main reason I would like to take this class is I am searching for an internship for this summer. The material taught in this class is related to the position I am seeking. 	I took some coding class at community college and Berkeley, but never took a web design class.
I was born and grew up in Beijing, China, and began to love design when I was young. When I was in middle and high school, I published monthly magazines for my class and designed every page by myself. I enjoyed the process of finding harmonious colors on the color wheel and arranging different elements to create the most beautiful and comfortable designs. Then I came to the United States for college, where I found my passion for computer science. Having taken CS 61A and CS 61B, I got to experience the power of CS and was really fascinated by the endless possibilities behind it. And my love for design never stopped: I designed the programme and poster for the BCSSA Spring Festival Gala last year.   Now I think it’s time to combine my passion for design and computer science, and I believe web design is a perfect starting point. This time I can use programming language to design! I look forward to learning web dev skills and creating beautiful websites in this class. :)	1. I want to learn web development To be honest, I have tried to learn web development before. I read the HTML and CSS tutorials on w3Schools and thought I could build a website by myself. However, I found it so hard to remember all those syntax without doing practice. I think the Web Design Decal is great because it not only teaches the basic programming languages, but also provides assignments along the way. I believe this is the most effective way to learn web dev!  2. So that I can transform many of my ideas into reality I have many ideas in my mind. I love taking pictures, and I have always wanted to build my photography portfolio website. And I want to make a website for my Mom as a gift for her 50th birthday (this year). I want to put some photos on it, along with wishes from all family members.	Last year, I assisted with developing the website for Berkeley China Summit. I used Wix, a web development platform. With the skills I learn from this class, I can definitely make the website look better.
I am Gaoyue, a future software engineer who is actively exploring different fields   with unlimited curiosity, and web development is definitely an important one. Being an international student from a small city in China, I’m so happy to have chances to fulfill my interests and meet amazing people. Generally, I consider myself to be a diligent person. I like to strive for opportunities to enrich my life, like interesting courses and clubs. These endow me a huge acceleration of improving myself. Besides, I am also defined by all my crazy hobbies. I love to play the Rubik’s Cube. Up to now I’ve explored and solved about 20 different puzzles. I love to go figure roller skating, although I had a fracture while playing it but I’m still continuing it. What’s more, I am also a great cooperator. An important indicator of this would be that lots of my classmates and friends would come to me and work on projects together with me. Of course, I like to work with them also. I’m sure that I will meet more amazing people in this Decal who share the same interests and passion as I. It would be a pleasure to be classmates and work together with them. 	I have long been acknowledged the fact that building websites is a really useful skill. But only until recently, when I really began learning it and try to build my own websites, I found it also very interesting in a way that every design, layouts, and ideas can be realized somehow by some code. I used to design websites, but only using pencils and paper. How exciting would it be if I can turn these sketches and thoughts into real websites!  More importantly, I want to take this Decal because I am really looking forward to a more systematic way to learn building websites. I feel like my past experiences with building websites were too fragmented, which caused many unnecessary problems and anxiety. I want to master this skill more solidly, with a clear overview of the relationships between different components of a website and the whole process of building it, instead of blindly debugging for mistakes that aren't supposed to happen at the first place. 	During the winter break, I was self-studying HTML and CSS, and I began building my personal website at the same time. I'm still working on it recently. For me, it's been joyful to explore things constantly and apply it to my own projects.  What's more, for the internship I began roughly a month ago, I have been working on the company's website. I learned to deploy websites using apache and so on. 
I value empathy and communication. Spoken languages are a medium of communication--hence my fascination with linguistics--but I also appreciate digital media as an important mode of communication.  From social media to Netflix, I consider technology to be connecting the globe across distance and cultures.  Since exposure to and contact between people of different ideologies and experiences is useful in learning empathy, I recognize the importance of online blogs and the Youtube platform (for example) in bringing the world closer together in some ways.   Another prominent part of my identity is my fascination with learning. As nerdy and quirky as it sounds, when I was in elementary school I was so excited about Word (from Microsoft Office) that I would click through each feature just to see what it does.  Similarly, I recently discovered that websites can be coded (previously, I only encountered sites that say "insert picture here" or "type text here").  My part time job is at the IT helpdesk of the EECS department and so, as staff, I am given a website that I can make my own.  I googled HTML for beginners and managed to put together a couple of headings, paragraphs, and pictures but my website is far from complete.  I am simply compiling various knowledge I learned from my work but I would like to learn how to customize my page. Basically, I consider empathy and openness to learning relevant to who I am.	I hope to learn about UX (user experience) since I am considering it as a career and knowledge of web design is an important component in this career path.  I am actually working to get a UX certification from the online extension program at UCSD but it is rather expensive and I would prefer to learn about web design using the tuition I am already paying for at Berkeley.  From asking my peers, I found a few UX-related courses at Berkeley but they are either graduate courses (so I am waitlisted and unlikely to get in) or upper division CS (which I have not taken the prerequisites for) so am searching for another way to learn about HTML, CSS, and more.  I appreciate that, in an increasingly technology-driven age, an understanding of basic coding is useful regardless of whichever field I end up pursuing.  As such, this decal would be perfect in expanding my very minimal knowledge of HTML and websites in a practical and applicable way.  I hope you will consider me since I not only am hoping to seriously pursue this field of knowledge in my future but I would also be able to take what I learn from this course and immediately apply it to a personal website I have been slightly struggling to personalize (due to my limited understanding of coding).	I don't have any formal experience but my part time job provides a website that I am able to play around it so I have used a little bit of HTML to format a title, paragraph, links, and images but only very basic HTML and very minimally.
I'm a third year studying Computer Science and Design Innovation. Art and technology interest me, and design is a great vehicle for those fields. I am interested in pursuing product management, so I am always looking to develop my engineering and design skills. As for my hobbies, I'm into photography, clothes, woodworking, and skateboarding.	I am currently using Squarespace for my portfolio, and one of my goals for this semester was to build my own website. I want to learn the coding and design skills to create a unique portfolio that I am proud of. These skills would also be a great foundation for me to further explore technology and design.  Also, I know a few people who have either taken this class or taught it, and I have only heard positive things. At the end of the day, I'm interested in learning, and I know this class will be a great learning experience!	I took the Ruby on Rails Decal last semester, so I'm familiar with the technical aspect of a website. I have not formally learned about web design principles, but I have an idea based on my experiences with UI/UX design.
As one of the few women in my immediate and extended family, I was always abandoned by my brother and male cousins, left out because they might accidentally punch me in the face, kick soccer balls into my gut, or give me nose-bleeds (all of which have happened). Instead of chasing after them and tagging along mindlessly, I hid with my nose inside of books. My family always saw me stumbling down the stairs, picking at my dinner, and hanging upside down with a book in hand. My favorite tales were of Greek mythology. I distinctly remember the details from when I first read about Hephaestus, the God of Forge, Metalworking, and Fire, and his demigods. He was always in his forges, laboring under volcanoes with sweat dripping down his horribly disfigured visage. His demigods on the Earth’s surface would pick up scrap metal and stray screws, tinker with them for a while, and suddenly produce an invention. These two exaggerated images encompassed my first impression of engineering, either a tough and unforgiving process or a complex art mastered only through raw talent. But my experiences in high school with scientific research of micro- and nano-biotechnology made me realize how much I enjoy ‘in-depth’ engineering. Web development is an integral part of an engineering curriculum, and I hope to learn more of HTML and CSS through this Decal.	Web development has intrigued me ever since 8th grade when I first learned HTML and CSS coding. Most competitors in National History Day, the competition for which we created our website, used a simple Weebly.com template and submitted their projects. My friend and I took time to learn HTML and CSS to hardwire the website to look exactly how we wanted, like a rustic book so the judges could flip through the pages of history. Looking back at the website, I wish I had pushed the envelope further, but I am proud every time I look back at it. I would like to learn through this Decal how to avoid starting with a template in the first place. Earlier this academic year, I was part of a summer program called CS Kickstart for women interested in CS with little prior experience. During our Hack Night, we wrote some simple HTML code to create a website from scratch, and the process was so rewarding to immediately see our results. While I may not be accepted to this Decal because of its rewarding those who have applied many, many times before, I already know that I will rambunctiously strive to creating some websites on my own to cultivate personal growth. 	Yes, I created a website for a history day competition project with my friend in 8th grade, and we won 4th in the nation for our category. 
Ever since coming to Berkeley, I've been exploring a multitude of interests through courses, clubs, and DeCals. Last semester, I had the opportunity to take the Baking DeCal, where I learned how to make a variety of delicious treats to impress my friends. I also joined the Animation DeCal in order to learn the process of making an animated film and worked with a group of four to create a 1-minute film. As a Computer Science major, I don’t get a lot of physical exercise by coding on my laptop, so I explored the physical activities available at Berkeley. My friends and I joined the AFX Dance club so that we could learn the fundamentals of dancing and find a group of friends who are always down to get boba. Additionally, I created an Intramural Volleyball team with my friends so that I could have an excuse to jump around and learn a new sport to play with friends. In regards to academics, I’m extremely interested in learning the limits of utilizing computers and artificial intelligence to improve society, whether it’s through voice recognition like the Amazon Echo, self-driving cars, or automated drones for a multitude of tasks. I hope to be able to take as many courses that I can at Berkeley in order to build my understanding of how to create, improve, and utilize technology towards improving any aspect of society.	Just like the rest of the activities I’ve explored, designing a website is something that sparks my interest due to the complexity behind creating a website and making it look appealing to the viewer. Creating my own website is my way of leaving a record of myself on the internet so that I can share my hobbies and interests with anyone online. After taking a few online courses in HTML and CSS, I’ve been interested in expanding my knowledge in these languages and having a chance to apply them towards creating my own website. The problem with just taking online courses in HTML and CSS is that I don’t have the opportunity to create anything with the newly learned languages. I believe that the application of knowledge is crucial towards actually remembering the long list of codes and commands, so I was ecstatic when I found this opportunity to be guided by instructors through using HTML and CSS to create my own webpage. This DeCal has all aspects of the application of knowledge that I believe is important, including instructors to provide guidance and many assignments to build up a strong understanding of website design. I hope to have the opportunity to learn how to design my own website and make my website something to be proud of.	I have only taken an online course on the basics of HTML and CSS
My name is Mangesh Darke. I am a transfer student and I started at Cal last semester. I like techy things and I am interested in Artificial Intelligence. My favorite TV shows are Avatar: The Last Airbender and Star Wars: The Clone Wars (sort of a nerd). I have a moderate addiction to boba and my favorite places are Boba Guys and U-Cha. I'm from Fremont so Berkeley is not really a new place to me. However, I still like exploring the city and visiting places I haven't been before. I have interests in photography and like to take photos of places and landmarks. 	I want to take this class because I really want to learn how to design and launch my own website in a classroom setting. Even though I can learn the languages and frameworks through online courses, I feel like I would be able to stay more focused in a classroom with other people who are learning with me. I also think working on projects would give me the opportunity to apply what I'm learning and build something cool. This class would not only allow me to learn crucial skills, but it would give me the opportunity to start building a personal website, one that I could add to my resume.  	I don't have much previous web design experience. I helped a non-profit organization redesign their website; however, I only made wireframes and could not actually implement my design through code. 
I am from Los Angeles and like to binge watch tv shows. Currently some of my favorite shows include the Good Place, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and Game of Thrones ( Season 8 premieres April 14 Get HYYYYPED ). I also enjoy listening to Hip-Hop, Rap, Rock and Spanish Rock. Some of my favorite artists include Café Tacuva, Kendrick Lamar and The Black Keys.  	I want to take this this class because I think it will be a useful and fun skill to learn. Learning to create a website will help me become a more well rounded candidate for job and research applications. It will show that I have experience putting technical knowledge to practical use. Also, I want this class to be way for me to be creative using a programming language. There are tons of things a person can do with coding but it always seemed intimidating for me. I hope that this class can give me the tools to not only design a website but encourage me to explore other programming languages and be creative on my own.	Nope.
Hi! My name is Alexis and I'm a freshmen in Mechanical Engineering, but I've always had an interest in design and thought about freelancing at some point. But here is me in 5 points. 1. I am a very adventurous person and always like trying new things because that is what I think life is all about. What's the fun in always ordering the same thing at the same restaurant every single time you go? New menu items are what entices me upon first glance. But this does not only apply to food, it also applies to the great outdoors because I love going hiking and exploring the unexplored. I would love to go camping and go to Yosemite one day 2. From fact one, you were probably like "what the heck, what kind of Californian has never been to Yosemite?" well fact #2, I am from Toronto. So that means I am automatically immune to the cold of NorCal and am nice to everyone around me. Jk, Canadian stereotypes don't always apply like that, but it just so happens that those ones do. 3. I LOVE ice cream, absolutely so much and I can have it for breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert. But I do not discriminate desserts and I will bake you cookies as soon as I get a chance to come in contact with an oven. The amount of sugar I have in my system also means that I am hyper and quite positive all the time, it's quite a wonderful side effect if I can say. 4. I am ultra competitive and a perfectionist, but I definitely am not great at everything. I remember there was a math competition in grade 7 and I got upset and told on the teacher because someone else in my class got a point higher than me cuz he left a question blank and didn't get marks deducted. Now it seems dumb but at that point, that was a crisis to be solved.  5. If there is a sale, I am there. I am the number one shopaholic and clothing hoarder that you will know, but that also means if you are girl you can always borrow clothes from me (or if you're a guy I won't judge) 	Website Building has been something that has been on my mind for a long time. There have been so many times that I have tried to build a personal portfolio website, and even after learning the basic steps of it, I still look at my blank file of code with no idea what to even begin on. Although it should be something simple, my overthinking brain complicates things way too much and any proper order of sequence gets messed up. There are just so many photos and animations that I want on there and all of them at once is impossible for a beginner.  Design and programming are two aspects that I would really like to improve upon and this Decal is absolutely perfect for exactly that. This class with push me to finally take that leap out there and push through the struggles that I faced trying to start it. I want to one day become a product designer and what better way to start my career path to that than to learn to design and manage my own website, or to be able to effectively convey the needs of another product? I love how the design and programming elements are to be combined so seamlessly into one, allowing for an application of the two rather than one or the other. It's like shooting two birds with one stone, and it would be amazing if I got the opportunity to take this DeCal.	Yes, a little bit. If you count the copying pasting of cool cursor effects and different themes for my Tumblr back in 2012. Other than that, I have created website created from website template websites, but have never really succeeded in coding one all from scratch. 